My cab driver tonight was so excited to share with me that he’d made the cover of the calendar. I told him I’d help let the world see I want to make good humored inappropriate jokes about his lollipop, but ultimately I just want to say that I am stoked because he is stoked. 
Guardians of the Front Page [deleted]
Gas station worker takes precautionary measures after customer refused to put out his cigarette What was he even doing there? It doesn't look like he's put a nozzle in the tank.
The conversation my son and I will have on Christmas Eve. Welp. I guess we’ll be seeing this reposted every December for the rest of our lives. 
The Denver Broncos have the entire town of ‘South Park’ in the stands for today’s NFL game. Is Cartman’s mom in the locker room?
Printers Years ago I had a printer (I think it was an Epson) that had an "emergency print" mode. If it was running low on any color, "emergency print" would do its best to print your document with whatever ink it had available. Even if all it had was yellow, by god it would print your document in yellow. If it had nothing by cyan and magenta and you wanted to print a photo of your cat, you'd get a funky posterized picture of your cat. But it would still print it.

God, I miss that printer.
Just increased my car’s value by 1 billion dollars (reverse lights go on)

*"I'LL BE BACKING UP"*
My grandma wanted some “creative” grad photos of my friend since we’re graduating at the same time. This was her least favorite Classic Zeb and Travis.
Today one of my 4th grade students renamed himself "reconecting ..." on our Zoom call and pretended that he was having internet issues to avoid participating in our lesson. Grade 4’s are so close to being tech savvy enough. They’re always messing around on google classroom - and forget I can track changes in their documents.  They also forget that I can access their browsing history on their school computer - nothing too bad yet. Lots of “how to cheat at math” “how to hack your teacher”. So close yet so far
Reddit's Immigrants The only thing that would make this more perfect is if it was a repost.  
Sheep in Human Clothing Now that I like!
I took a few shots at Lake Louise today and Google offered me this panorama: Its really messing with my head how well your face blends into the picture. Google's got skill.
My kids came in and told me there was water coming from the laundry room. They said it looked like it started at the washer. I rushed in to find this. Buncha comedians in my house... They've challenged your role as Father with this joke. They've set in motion a series of events of which their groans of, "DAAaaaad..." will sound like the drums of war. It is your duty to foster this creative hilarity, and reveal it to reddit for sweet Karma.
"Are you sure you want to go back to the Old Version?" It gets worse when you look at ALL their icons 🥴

https://imgur.com/bgG7D7B
These damn ads are what did it! Click to download!^^*

^^*McAfee ^^premium ^^with ^^complimentary ^^hourly ^^popups
Irish man leaves funny recording for his funeral! I wish I was so full of life people laugh at my funeral. What a beautiful idea to keep people happy
I get an email every time I get a package delivered to my apartment’s mailroom. It’s supposed to be a photo of the label, but there’s this one guy... I already love him
UPDATE. EA announces plans for next gen controller. There isn’t even a game attached, you just put the card in and the controller drains your bank account. That’s it. 
Bollywood at it finest. That was pretty slick, I wonder how many takes it took to get it just right.
Please enjoy this video of me getting rocked by a trash can. Took the hit and circled back for more.  Respect.
Experts recommend keeping your daily rituals even while working from home He's looking up the weather forecast: There's gonna be light showers.
I got my mask in the mail. Maybe I should've gone with a better quality... Looks like a quality seal to me.  

But if you want to breath(e), you could put a hole in it on the bottom and fill the hole with one of those party toys that you blow and it unrolls like a tongue and makes a BREEEEEEE noise.  

Would really complete the outfit.

Edit: an embarrassing absence of an e.
My son happened across a herd of other t-rex last night and they asked him to join them. Had a kid in one of these come sprinting around the corner of my house. I heard nothing but the sound of fabric rubbing together really fast.
I found a bunch of fake cameras at Goodwill That chain of command in the last one. The supervisor watching the supervisor watching the supervisor watching the guy who does all the work. 
I figured out you don’t actually have to assemble these things. You’ve taken thinking out the box to the next level.
I'm that sibling Flick... Heh, flick flick flick.. Hehehe
Bill Burr on Good Day NY, sharp as ever. He’s not a guy you book for day time television.

What did they expect? Dude is straight savage with the humor and he’s not one to back off when he feels he’s right. Especially not because some people struggle with uncomfortable realities. 

I hope more day time talk shows book him and just keep throwing softballs like he isn’t going to slam them right back in their faces.
please hold me God damn this made me actually laugh and yet it’s so simple
My son drew this in 5th grade. Perhaps I'm biased but I thought it was clever and funny. Kiddo has great sense of humour. The snail’s expression though! 😂
Middle child asserting dominance over all others He shouldn't have entered the arena if he wasn't ready to forfeit his life!
After getting hit by a car this year, I thought this was the only appropriate costume for Halloween! Please raise your hand if you have ever felt personally victimized by Regina George!
Citizen of Golden, CO (home of Coors and about a dozen other breweries) was upset people drink beer in their town. Not certain but I’d imagine Coors brewing employs a ton of people in that town. 
Shoutout to the 13-year-old on a skateboard who called me a “candy corn bitch” The costume designer from *Napoleon Dynamite* called...
My 13 years old daughter has a great sense of humour, she drew this today! [removed]
This is the best thing I've done on snapchat. the future is fucking weird
Our baby announcement photo. My wife looked so obnoxiously thin 24 hours after delivery that I joked I looked like the one who had just delivered. So we decided to swap for a funny photo. You’re gonna be a great mom
Dude was showing the gorilla pictures of female gorillas and he for real is like "next one please" Went to the LA zoo recently. The docent was telling me how they have Tinder for the female Chimpanzees. The conservationists were having trouble mating the Chimps in captivity, so they started showing them pictures of males on a screen and the females would choose that way. When the females were introduced to the males the chances they mated were significantly higher if they used the "Chimp Tinder."
My buddy dressed up as Eleven in honor of Stranger Things season 2. https://i.imgur.com/UEiZk0Q.jpg
So inspiring But did he applaud the pilot for the safe landing?
Every single Scandinavian crime drama Give the [original video](https://youtu.be/I-OOpZitfd0) some love! He only has 800 subscribers and the video has a thousand views.

Edit: Thanks for the awards - I'm just glad this post directed some traffic that way. :)
Today was "Meme Day" at my old high school for homecoming week. I appreciate this science teacher even more now. He looks exactly how I’d expect a science teacher to look. 
Ryan Reynolds thought he was attending a sweater party. That’s pure joy on Hugh’s face. 
Guy wakes up in the wrong house! This happened to my friend. He had just moved into a high rise in Miami and got drunk, went to sleep in the apartment one floor below his.  He’s a 20 something white guy, woke up on “his” couch to a 80 year old black woman who had thrown a blanket over him and was making him waffles. He had breakfast with her and they stayed in touch. She passed a few years back and he flew from Cleveland to Miami for the funeral.
Quarantine made it clear Hey, scoot over, I'll give you a hand. The key is to use a lot of elbow grease, just like my Dad taught me. And--

*drops plate with a shatter*

Oops...
Dad afraid of heights trying to get a look 😂 I can feel it exactly!
A picture of my brother in P.E class today Doing crunches

Edit: thanks for the awards!!!
poor security Now that’s some high brow humor.
He did say please Just pull a cop over
I could see how this could be taken out of context... Did they allow him to finish or did they arrest him mid push?
Thankful to this unknown man for striking a pose and for not messing with my camera set up after he stumbled upon it. Also added, a bobcat using the log just a couple weeks prior. Print the picture out and attach it to something on/near the camera so he has a copy of it if he comes back.
All my husband wanted for Valentines was this stupid dinosaur costume. Ask and you shall receive... That sexy "hop and flop" onto the bed. 
No one is breaking into this house! My retired neighbors do the exact same thing.
How to clean with Sandstorm Makes it even better when you think about how the OP had to stop cleaning and practice doing this for the video
So my friend went to the DMV on Halloween... *"Can.....I........help...........you......"*
My friend was stopped by some tourists to take a photo of them in front of an advertisement for Tape Face in Las Vegas... My friend IS Tape Face. I used to work at Star Trek the Experience  back in the day which was also in Las Vegas.  A pal of mine was a lead there and got to take all of the Star Trek actors around the Experience whenever they would come in.  One day he was privileged enough to be escorting Patrick Stewart and a few of his friends and family.  He said Stewart was dressed in jeans, Tshirt, and a baseball hat so he looked pretty normal.  Anyway, he remembers stopping in front of a large pic of the TNG crew with Stewart and they were conversing for a moment and behind them was a lady who wanted to get a picture of of the crew pic.  He said the lady brashly asked them to step aside so it wouldnt ruin her picture and he Stewart said "by all means" and stepped out of her way.  They had a pretty good laugh after she got her pic. 
I had to cut down a tree in my yard and now I feel bad Poor fella looks lost
I found a joke book from 1940, and this has got to be my favorite one. I want to see the Mozart and Haydn joke now.
You spelled “nudes” wrong The buildup is real, waiting for the napkin to get all the way down
Jeff, the Origin If he was able to convert his entire net worth into 1 oz gold coins, that vault would have about 80,601,634 coins!

If he had it all smelted into meter cube blocks like in Minecraft, he’d have a little more than two stacks of gold blocks.
Due to less air pollution we now can actually see the Universal logo in the sky Holy shit. All this has been barely the intro?
Evaluation "this is the most uncomfortable chair I've ever sat in"
Magicians are nothing without their assistant Thought the wing man was another person off screen, then realized it's the dude at the back, and got to say the way he pulls it off without breaking position and character is impressive.
Flying United. He flew into his luggage. That's solid customer service 
Don't mess with this guy That gesture was way too perfect
My Husband is a powerlifter and tends to break things around the house on accident. It's become a running joke. He sent me this today....... glad he’s okay, the way he shoots back off the bench is hilarious 
Dad ends son’s basketball career in 17 seconds Kid got showed up by pops rocking two knee braces and some clearance rack Sketchers. 

Gone so soon, RIP KID. 
Caught my GF taking selfies with my dog. The shade he throws me at the end hurt me... "Bruh imma need you to walk yourself today"
Oh Canada The melting point of CAD currency is 140C, you could put it in boiling water to sterilize it.
Annual Streaming Price Can I just say fuck YouTube TV for upping their price to $65/mo ($780/yr)?

They added a few channels to justify their $15 price increase. It’s just cable all over again.
I saw this legend at a stoplight lightning a joint with a piece of glass. I will never be as rad as this guy. As a kid my dream was to have a pair of flip up glasses. 
Told you I am not at all interested in all that food. His head keeps going further back every time, and that cracks me up.
I just faceswapped my dog and my cat Unfortunately, this was done surgically, not with software...
"Put your hands up" Magnificent venn diagram. 
A man in India protesting for better roads.. This is the artist Badal Najundaswamy (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baadal_Nanjundaswamy)

He is famous for street art, where he uses potholes or bad roads to create art. Some images here https://www.google.com/search?q=badal+nanjundaswamy+street+art&rlz=1CAMWDF_enUS701US701&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjng5T-lrLkAhXNVt8KHcBQDDMQ_AUIESgB&biw=1366&bih=609

His art works in prodding the government to fix the road since he gets so much publicity. He usually shows  the before, the art and after the fix on his facebook page.

My favorite is the one with a mermaid https://awesomebyte.com/bengaluru-artist-baadal-nanjundaswamy/
Is it just me, or is Tom Cruise beginning to look like a middle aged lesbian? He's at the age where some men start to look like somebody's aunt. 
This Amazon review. "Those first 10 minutes were great though."  ★★☆☆☆
Surprising move from the referee. And none of the pieces fell off the board, impressive.
Ferrari Brakes On Carpet I feel like that guy came in way too fast for whatever type of event this was.
The only baby picture i have... why? > only baby picture

Third child?
They totally know You mean like Brisket?

*marks down already high*
I just want someone who looks at me the way Gal Gadot shamefully remembers she's married. I just want someone to look at me
My crotch goblin realized today that he can climb out of his crib. Someone save me. I like how as soon as he gets out he’s like “ok time to fuck some shit up”
Spanish Flu, 1918. Family Portrait. [deleted]People who haven't pooped in 2019 yet, why are you still holding on to last years shit? But when I finally do, it'll be the years biggest shit ^^^^^so ^^^^^far
How would you feel about Reddit adding 3 NSFW filters to distinguish between porn, gore, and repetitive posts asking how you would feel about Reddit adding 2 NSFW filters to distinguish between porn and gore? While we're at it can we add a fourth filter for posts asking if you'd be willing to stub your toe for a billion dollars?
Would you watch a show where a billionaire CEO has to go an entire month on their lowest paid employees salary, without access to any other resources than that of the employee? What do you think would happen? They'd be fine.

The problem with poverty is not usually day-to-day costs. People can adjust to that.  It's unexpected expenses that are crippling.

~~*Edit: Why are people still responding two weeks later! Nobody is reading this thread any more! At least not the responses at the bottom*~~ (Edit2: rant was too whiney. If you have something to say, who am I to say otherwise?)
What if God came down one day and said "It's pronounced 'Jod' then left? *What if Jod was one of us?*
How would you feel about a feature where if someone upvotes a crosspost, the original post is upvoted automatically? what about subs that crosspost from other subs to mock them?
How would you feel about a "if you accidentally scroll to the top, you can go back to where you were," button for Reddit? For some reason, reddit cannot be reached when loading the area you were at previously, and thus something went wrong with the scrolling back. Just don't panic!
Reddit, how would you feel about a law that bans radio stations from playing commercials with honking/beeping/siren noises in them? I would feel like "finally. Lawmakers taking the public's issues to heart."
Bill Gates said, "I will always choose a lazy person to do a difficult job because a lazy person will find an easy way to do it." What's a real-life example of this? I was working as a stockboy in a supermarket and when we had to fill the milk cooler people would bust open a 12 pack of milk cartons and put them in one by one. 

On my first day I just placed the 12 pack in the cooler and cut the plastic off on one side with my box cutter and yanked it from under it and the look of the store manager and the other employee who was training me was pure bewilderment.

From that day everyone did it my way.
What if Earth is like one of those uncontacted tribes in South America, like the whole Galaxy knows we're here but they've agreed not to contact us until we figure it out for ourselves? And crop circles are just teenager aliens doing graffitti.
Anthony Bourdain once said "There's a guy in my head, and all he wants to do is lay in bed all day long, smoke pot, and watch old movies and cartoons. My life is a series of strategems, to avoid, and outwit that guy". Who is "that guy" for you, and what do you do to avoid him? I hate mornings. I don't like waking up. I don't like breakfast as a genre or activity. I don't see a good reason to be anywhere ever before 10am.

I started forcing myself to wake up early and go to the gym before work. And i hate it so much but it makes me feel so goddam good all day long. It's a shitty healthy dose of morning endorphins that stops me from getting sleepy after lunch, keeps me energized after work, get a better night's sleep. 

It sucks so much and it sucks even more that it improves every aspect of my day because now if i stop i know i'll just start having shitty bad days again and it'll be my dumbass lazy fault with a simple fix.
People of Reddit, how would you feel if there was a "USA" filter where non-Americans can scroll through Reddit freely without watching, hearing or reading what's going on in America? r/anime_titties
How is everyone enjoying Reddit while Instagram Facebook and whatsapp are all down? Bro, I got a new phone and was trying to login on my old account. I was so confused when nothing worked. I was tired of this and went on Reddit to see this. At least I know the reason.
It's more than likely that Covid-19 will still be around at Christmas time - how are we going to explain to kids that Santa is still allowed to go into millions of houses? Santibodies.
Without saying what the category is, what are your top five? Atm OP has earned 637k upvotes from comments on this post. Yeah I'm unemployed and have all the time in the world to count comment upvotes from OP's profile.
What free things online should everyone take advantage of?  [https://nobaproject.com/](https://nobaproject.com/)   


It's a website that has compiled Psychology topics into easy to read modules. They have been compiled by psychology university professors to help facilitate free education for students. You can even download the ones you're interested as a PDF as many times as you want. All of this is free!
With all of the negative headlines dominating the news these days, it can be difficult to spot signs of progress. What makes you optimistic about the future? People here are talking about Cancer cure here. Stanford Medicine made the biggest breakthrough in history just last month. They cured 90 out of 90 infected mice with different kinds of cancers with just 1 shot of medicine.

https://med.stanford.edu/news/all-news/2018/01/cancer-vaccine-eliminates-tumors-in-mice.html 
Steve Irwin has you pinned down in a headlock, what cool facts does he tell the audience about you and your habitat? "Oi! Look at this fella..he's of the hairless variety! Rare and silky smooth to the touch, he actually likes when you rub his head! Look at his leg going!"
Iceland just announced that every Icelander over the age of 18 automatically become organ donors with ability to opt out. How do you feel about this? As long as I can still taxidermy my body when I'm dead, they can have my organs. 
With Christmas 364 days away, people who already have their decorations up, why? In Sweden, we celebrate Christmas for 20 days which results in us celebrating the end of Christmas on the 13th of January. Up until then, you’re supposed to keep the Christmas decorations up.
Which legendary Reddit post / comment can you still not get over? How useful and sadly how often I share [this advice on insurance after a fire ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wellthatsucks/comments/aeocu8/so_i_was_at_school_today_and_it_turns_out_while_i/edrmmm8/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)

I know other people have it saved as I’m not the only one who goes back to repost it but it’s invaluable in the after math of an emergency. It’s not applicable to just fires, I shared this with friends who were brushed by a tornado that went through earlier this year.  

Whoever wrote that did many people one hell of a service.
You go to sleep on the 31st of December 2020 and wake up the next day but when you check your phone, it says January 1st 2020, after the first couple of days you realize it's just like groundhog day, what do you do with the information you have about 2020? This is the canonical explanation for the TP hoarders
How would you feel about a law that requires people over the age of 70 to pass a specialized driving test in order to continue driving? Sorry if this ends up being long but its angered me for quite some time.

About ten years ago my mother at age 69 had a massive stroke. They didn't expect her to live let alone come out of it mostly alright. Which she did except for some vision loss in her left eye. (Not total, just peripheral.) So she can only see perfectly straight out of that eye.

So after about a year recovering from the stroke and the ensuing infection from the surgery that ended up being worse then the stroke itself she decides she wants to go get tested to see if she can retain her drivers license. (Required by law in my province of Canada).

My father was not well either as he had a long term terminal illness so I pack them both up in my truck and take them to the DMV. Me and my father happily assuming there is no fucking way in hell she will pass. 

Aside from her vision issues, the amazingly quick witted and swift woman I grew up with was VERY unsure of her self at all times and took forever to make the smallest decisions. It broke my heart and it didn't even occur to me to be scared that she would get her license back.

Well she did, passed with "Flying colors" the DMV guy said. As a SAR (Search and Rescue) tech, the idea of taking him up in the helicopter and throwing him out without a rope occurred to me.

1 week later, accident number one. T-boned a poor lady as she was coming out of the grocery store. Not much damage and no injuries thankfully. Mother still refused to admit she wasn't fit to drive.

Month later, accident 2. She panics on a multi-lane cross city road and ends up on the raised median and rips the entire exhaust system off her car. Still won't admit any issues.

At this point I'm amazed I didn't have ulcers. Shortly after accident 2 my father passed away. I did everything up to and including begging to get her to give up the license. She wouldn't do it and for the next few months I spent every day with a knot in my stomach until I spoke to her around 6pm every night once she was "home from running around" 

Then around 1pm I get a call from her cell phone, this phone I bought her that she mostly ignored except to charge it. I couldn't understand a word she said she was so upset on the phone. I managed to get her general location out of her and hopped in a car and more then exceeded the speed limit getting down there.

Upon arriving there are two ambulances, shoes in front of her car and its up on the curb.

She's sitting on the curb next to it bawling her eyes out and I'm terrified she's killed someone.

Turns out a man and his son were walking out of the soccer pitch next to the road, began to cross on the cross walk and she didn't see them.

She thankfully only struck the father and aside from being banged up he wasn't super seriously injured.

Because of my job I knew most of the police officers in the city so one of them offered to follow me back to her house so she could take me back down to get her car.

By the time I had done so and got back to her condo she had stopped crying. Threw me the extra set of keys to the car she had and told me to get rid of the car.

She even tried to get the DMV worker that passed her fired after that. She immediately realized she shouldn't of ever gotten it back. She was actually terrified that she had been driving like that.

Years later she still comments about how she never even saw the man and his son and how she could of killed one or both of them.

I have all the respect in the world for seniors. My mother was one of the first women CEO's in this province and was a hellcat in her day. I learned a lot from her. But I also learned to accept limitations.

If you are older reading this post. If you think for even a second that you could maybe not be the safest person to be on the road, talk to and listen to your loved ones.

Its horrible to give up that freedom, it would be more horrible for you to kill some innocent person because you are too proud to give it up.


**EDIT** Thanks for the gold mysterious stranger!
Now that PBS has announced they'll be televising the impeachment hearings, what will the drinking game rules be? If you don't want to die:

Drink every time someone admits they were wrong.
The Pope slapped a woman on day 1 of 2020, world war III is trending on day 2, what will happen on day 3? Global epidemic crisis. It just started in Wuhan, China.  
It might take some time though, take a seat.
If Reddit were to add an NSFL flair so that we could tell the difference between NSFW (Porn) and NSFL (Gore and stuff) do you think it would be useful? Why or why not? I agree that there should be different tags for porn and gore. Sometimes a person is chill with porn but hates gore, or even vice versa. Ive often clicked on posts tagged nsfw on subs like r/tifu or r/confessions thinking it would be a funny story, and then I get bombed with a story about gore or even a photo a couple of times. It'd be nice to be able to avoid those.
How would you feel if the only thing we knew about presidential candidates was their stance on issues...no information on party, name, gender, race, or religious beliefs (or lack thereof)? Would it be based on their actual stance, or what they claim is their stance?
Turns out 2021 is just a bizarre and unprecedented as 2020, except its all good things that keep happening, what are they? Everybody gets a job with a sustainable salary

EDIT: Hey thanks for my awards random people!!
Police Officers of Reddit, what are you thinking when you see cases like George Floyd? I am a police officer in a medium sized suburban town in Texas. I have been in law enforcement for 14 years. I love my job, I love how I get to help people and I love how I get to cause positive changes in peoples' lives. I love how 99.9% of the time, my badge is shiny...today my badge is not shiny.

I am tired of hearing the excuses given by other people for a police officer's misconduct. I am tired of excuses being made for people who tarnish my badge. I am so tired of hearing how officers have a stressful job and their misconduct was a result of that stress. You know who else is under stress? The people who called us, that person whose loved one just committed suicide, the family who called us because they found grandma dead and now we're asking everyone questions, the 7-11 clerk who just had a gun shoved in his face, and even the guy we just put in handcuffs and told him he is losing his freedom. Sorry, but our stress is low compared to these folks. We might have to go into these situations, but we get to leave them and pretend none of that shit ever happened after our shift is over.

I am tired of hearing excuses for the bad police officers, I am tired of the excuse "well, he puts his life in danger". Sure, I know we put our lives in danger, I've had guns, knives and even swords pulled on me. I've responded to bomb threats, suicidal subjects, assaults in progress, robberies in progress, etc. You know who else puts their lives in danger? Fire fighters, deep sea fisherman, loggers, people who step foot outside their homes in Chicago. We are trained to deal with danger, we are provided with equipment and training to help us survive those dangers. Do I face an increased risk of not going home? Sure, but that's why I am at an increased level of awareness at work, so I can respond to threats appropriately without panic and over responding.

I am tired of hearing about the thin blue line. I believe in the thin blue line, I believe in looking out for my fellow officers. I don't believe in hiding the misconduct or unlawfulness of other officers, and I have always spoken up. What many forget, standing behind the thin blue line doesn't mean concealing the misconduct of other officers, it means confronting those officers so they don't do something to ruin their lives, the lives of others, or violate the law or code of conduct. It means walking up to the officer with his knee on a suspect's neck and saying "dude, this is too much, stop", before the officer commits murder. It means walking up to the officer who has been drinking all night and saying "dude, I'll give you a ride home". Instead of hiding misconduct, prevent it, help your fellow officer not do something to ruin his life or another's life. If you do see misconduct, address it, take it to the appropriate level, stop tarnishing my badge. We took an oath to uphold the law, uphold our ethics and protect our communities, sometimes that means arresting other police officers or holding them accountable for policy/ethics violations.

This officer violated the rights of George Floyd and murdered him through his actions. The officers who were on scene and failed to act are just as responsible. There are multiple videos of this incident and there is no real question as to what happened.

For those folks who wonder what makes it murder or manslaughter. Murder is the act of causing death to another human being through an action which a reasonable person would know (or intend) could result in the death of the victim. Manslaughter is the act of causing death through an act which is reckless in nature.

Every officer in America is taught about positional asphyxiation and while some departments allow neck restraints, all officers are taught the dangers of neck restraints and are taught not to apply pressure to the back of someone's neck or head when they are proned out on the ground in handcuffs.

Floyd was handcuffed with little resistance and they were able to walk him across the street to a patrol unit. Floyd can be seen in a surveillance video falling to the ground next to the unit on the sidewalk side of the unit. Cell phone footage then shows the officer on top of Floyd's neck on the opposite side of the unit, the street side. There is a random man in the background telling Floyd just to get in the car and he can't win. Floyd can be heard saying he knows and he's done. This implies that Floyd may have resisted or attempted to escape, but was still restrained in the handcuffs. Floyd can be heard multiple times saying he can't breathe. The cell phone video shows the officer kneeling on top of Floyd's neck for at least eight minutes, with around four of those minutes with Floyd being unconscious.

Even if Floyd did attempt to resist or escape, there was no reason to hold him down for eight minutes. What was the point of restraining him for so long? Why did the other officer not assist the primary officer with restraining Floyd so they could get him in the patrol unit quicker? Why did the primary officer continue to restrain Floyd by his neck after Floyd became unresponsive? Why can the officer be heard at some point asking Floyd if he is still a tough guy? I can only come up with one answer to all of these questions, and that was the primary officer, Chauvin, wanted to prove to Floyd that Floyd was not such a tough guy. I see an officer assaulting another human being, going beyond taking control of a suspect, using force as punishment and ultimately causing the death of another human being. I see a second officer who stood and watched and did nothing, despite knowing that what the first officer was doing was a violation of law and policy. I see officers who were trying to get back at Floyd for running his mouth and resisting an arrest by using force they KNEW could result in death or serious bodily injury in a situation which did not justify using deadly force.

This officer committed murder, plain and simple. This officer tarnished my badge and the badges of all police officers. Worst of all, this officer tortured his victim for eight minutes, imagine your last thoughts and memories being those of a police officer, a person who the public is supposed to be able to trust, placing his body weight on your neck, slowly asphyxiating you against hot asphalt while he asks you if you're still a tough guy. I hope this officer, and any officer who allowed this to happen, is tried and convicted. It's going to be some time before I can polish my badge back to a shine, in the mean time, a family is suffering, a community is burning, all because of one guy who should have never been an officer.

What do I think? I think assholes like this make my job that much harder and damage the trust I work so hard for. I think assholes like this ruin peoples' lives and ruin families. I think assholes like these should be stuck in a prison with all of the people they ever arrested.
People who have Only fans, what is stopping you from upgrading to an air conditioner? I like talking into it and sounding like a robot
How would you feel about a "return to where you left off" button for Reddit? Like after I close the app and come back or if I accidentally press the "back" button and go to the top?
At 9:21 tonight, it will be the 21st minute of the 21st hour of the 21st day of the 21st year of the 21st century. What will you be doing? Brushing my teeth
Professor Stephen Hawking has passed away at the age of 76 When I was 5 my mom read me George’s Secret Key to the Universe, that book shaped my earliest years, making me obsessed with being as smart as Stephen Hawking. Thank you Mr. Hawking, and I’m so sorry Lucy Hawking for your loss.
What life changing item can you buy for less than $100? Two pet ducks. You may be tempted to go for one. But trust me. You need two. And you’ll have about $76 left over.

Edit: Fully humbled by the awards, kind friends.
George Carlin said “Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.” What real life example have you seen that validates this view? I'm a physician.  Eye doctor specifically.  I will tell you that the longer I work (now 15 years), my standard for the "average" person continues to decline.  Case in point: Thanks to the awful information filtering out there, I had a patient just last week who read that Vitamin D helps you resist a Coronavirus infection.  Well, he had also read that you can get more Vitamin D by getting more sun.  So he wanted to "collect" as much light as possible with his eyes.  As a result, he stared at the sun for a solid 60 seconds and burned holes directly into his retinas permanently reducing his vision with no chance at future improvement.
The 2010's decade will be over in 4 months. What do you think people will remember this decade for? The Clown Epidemic of '16
How do you cope with being treated like you are crazy for following covid safety guidelines, when others around you aren’t doing the same? "I work at a hospital, and go to covid floors on a regular basis. It's more for your benefit than mine." It's true and unsurprisingly shuts up even the most ignorant of people.
You're offered the ability to absorb the knowledge of any book you touch instantly, but the way it works is that time freezes and won't unfreeze until you finish reading the book cover to cover, do you accept this power/curse? Why or why not? So I can move freely when time is frozen? Or am I stuck there reading? Cuz if it's the former what's the problem? If the latter I can learn a lot of skills easily. Or freeze time by touching clifford and having a nap

I cant see a down side either way
Girls who took notes using 50 different colored pens, where are you now? Do you still continue to write using all those colors? Am I allowed to answer if I'm a guy?

Because I ended up becoming "the Excel guy" in my office. All of my spreadsheets are exquisitely color-coded.
If Covid-19 wasn’t dominating the news right now, what would be some of the biggest stories be right now? Scientists found the first ever living animal - a parasite - that doesn't need oxygen to survive
This was in February

Link here http://www.sciencealert.com/this-is-the-first-known-animal-that-doesn-t-need-oxygen-to-survive

More here (need subscription) but interesting abstract
https://www.pnas.org/content/117/10/5358


"Our discovery confirms that adaptation to an anaerobic environment is not unique to single-celled eukaryotes, but has also evolved in a multicellular, parasitic animal. Hence, H. salminicola provides an opportunity for understanding the evolutionary transition from an aerobic to an exclusive anaerobic metabolism."
What is something free from the internet everyone should take advantage of? Goodrx. If you haven't seen the depressing commercials, this is an app that gives you discounts on prescription medications. My dog has epilepsy and I save about $200 a month on his pills.
What are underrated websites and what do you use them for? https://www.removeddit.com/

Shows you the content of most removed posts and comments on Reddit
You have just been cheated out of $1000 for a stupid brick. How do you take revenge? beat the shit out of myself with the brick for being that dumb 
A new dating app is launched. Instead of a photo of the person, it shows you a photo of their bedroom, car, kitchen, shoes, how they have their tea/coffee, things like that... what photo would tell you the most about someone, and would you be most interested to see to choose a potential date? The subreddits they're subscribed to
You gain control of JK Rowling's twitter account for a day. What unnecessary piece of information do you add to Harry Potter lore? Potter puppet pals is now canon
African Proverb Says "The child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel the warmth" What time in your life have you been closest to starting the fire? For some reason or another, my mother hated me. As a little girl I could never understand why she treated me so much worse than my 3 other siblings, and I would often go up to my Grandmother and ask her "Why doesn't my momma love me?" She never could give me a straight answer and would tell me "Your momma loves you in the only way she knows how...". That answer confused me because she loved my siblings just fine (Disclaimer: Her love was toxic AF, and she did a different type of damage to my other siblings.). 

Now when I say that my mother treated me badly, it started out with her picking fights with me. She would constantly nitpick at everything I  did, chastising me, and at the end of the day punishing me harshly for something that could have been a gentle scolding. When I got older, she started cussing at me, and calling me names. She would often ignore me for days on end, and when she would talk to me it would be to make me the butt end of a bad joke, or to tell me she hated me. 

Yes, my mother looked me dead in my eyes and told me she hated me (Disclaimer #2: She was a drug addict and alcoholic, and she loves to claim all the emotional abuse she put me though as a child was the effects of the drugs, and it "wasn't even that bad"). It was things like that that really began to tear at me after awhile. All sorts of terrible things she did to me growing up, the terrible things she said, and how she ignored me constantly... All of it very different than how she treated my other three siblings.

She was very close with one of my brothers and my sister. She would spend time with them constantly, take them anywhere, buy them anything that they wanted and it made me resent them. My sister would sometimes rub it in my face that "Mom loved her more". It was her way of having power over me, and it was one of the things that made my rage bubble over on innocent people.

I just wanted to be loved and accepted, I wanted to be cared for and cherished as a child should be, and when I didn't get that, I plotted on how I was going to get her love and affection. In my screwed up mind, I thought that if I got rid of my older brother and younger sister... I would be one of the only people left for her to love. 

I planned on killing my brother. How screwed up is that? It wasn't just some thought that passed through my head; it was a constant idea, a plan that I was putting into place to end his life so that I could make room in my mother's heart for me.

I feel ashamed writing it out. It was a dark time in my life, and I was also incredibly mentally ill. 

My brother was addicted to pain medications, and my parents were trying desperately to get him clean at the time. Ironically, at the same time he was going on a drug induced rampage, my sister had shattered her leg on a trampoline. She was on some pretty heavy pain pills, and while my mother was doing everything in her power to keep my brother away from the drugs, she would leave my sister (and her drugs) in my care. So one day, while my mother was out dealing with my brother and my sister was sleeping, I took the rest of her pills (my sister was super afraid of becoming addicted to drugs after watching what my mother and brother were going through, so there was a ton left) and I waited for my brother to come back. 

When I heard him come through his window (His room was next to mine) I went into the kitchen and made him a glass of juice. Earlier in the day I had crushed up the pills into a powder, and I mixed them into the juice. I went up to his room, knocked on the door, and offered him the cocktail of various prescription drugs. He took the juice, and right before he was about to drink it I had  thought.

"How could I do this to my own brother?" 

I snatched the drink back, and it spilled all over the carpet. He was high and super pissed, but at least he was alive. 

I never tried anything like that again. It felt so sick, wrong, evil... I mean, what type of person thinks about killing their brother?  Besides, my brother dying wouldn't make my mother love me any more, she would have just resented me for living instead of him.

So thats' the sad, sick story of how I almost executed my brother. I didn't actually carry through with it, obviously, and I guess everyone lived happily ever after. My brother got clean and now has a happy family, I'm in college, my sisters leg healed up nicely, and my mom left us after awhile... (But thats' a story for another time).
If “OK Boomer” was a digital assistant like “OK Google” what sorts of answers would it give you to certain questions? "Ok Boomer, where's the nearest recycling center."

"We have trash cans."
Former Flat Earthers. What made you come round? I talked to a flat-earther about my job working for a company that tracks ship locations, routes, and speeds by satellite. We also had ways of monitoring carbon emissions based on fuel consumption and known weather conditions. None of this would work at all if the earth was flat. Not a jot of it. I could only explain the most basic concepts, but it was enough for him to understand and realise that I was right and that he’d been convinced by someone who had no practical experience of the spherical nature of the Earth. I think that’s what really did it - my experience was really tangible. This happens then this happens then we measure this etc etc... no theory, just practice. A bit like showing a child a rock dropping to the ground in order to explain gravity, rather than giving them the whole theoretical shebang. Y’know?

Edit: sorry it’s a bit rambling I’m so damn tired
How would you feel if the U.S. government made the day for voting, a holiday? Make it a holiday and have voting last either a week or a 24 hour period so people deemed "essential workers" can actually have a chance.
If instead of rebooting movies, retelling them from a different point of view became popular, which movie would you like retold? The Game starring Michael Douglas. I want to see it from Consumer Recreation Services point of view. I want to see how they manage all the actors and situations to make sure everything goes the way they want it.

Edit: I want to thank everyone for agreeing this movie is great, underrated, and the upvotes.

Thank you to /u/blogzilly for the Silver.

People brought up Cabin in the Woods. My issue with Cabin in the Woods is those people didn't know beforehand what might or was going to happen. Michael Douglas' character knew about the organization and how Sean Penn's character talked about the experience. Also, it's in the woods. The Game was done in San Francisco so if this movie was done, you can show different POV's of San Francisco like the Golden Gate Bridge and different areas of San Fran these actors live in.

The Truman Show. Truman grew up infront of the cameras in a fictional town. Michael Douglas' character does neither.
How the F do you make friends as an adult if you don't drink? Slowly.
 Hobbies, community involvement, through work.
Good luck
Doctors of reddit, what’s it like when you go in for a doctors appointment? Do you and your doctor discuss what’s wrong with you like it’s a group project? Do you not go at all because you’re your own doctor? I was at a lecture a couple of years ago, performed by two doctors who’d undergone treatment for breast cancer and written a book about it together.

I remember her talking about her diagnosis. She was a breast cancer surgeon herself, you couldn’t make it up. She walked into the room, saw her own scans with the doctor and her heart dropped, she barely heard a word he said because she couldn’t stop the flood of information she was getting. Looking at the scan she knew if she’d need surgery, chemo, radiotherapy, how long it would be, what her estimated survival was.

I don’t think they discussed it like a group project, but I suppose she couldn’t stop herself from listening to her own internal monologue since it was her own field. I remember her saying she’d found it, in hindsight, an incredible learning opportunity regarding how to interact with patients, and that she thought about it a lot.
What is the coolest website you’ve visited that no one knows about? https://ncase.me/trust/

It's an interactive website that showcases what makes the Prisoner's Dilemma cool
How would you feel about a TV show similar to "Undercover Boss", but instead of companies they secretly infiltrate and film police forces? Lol everyone has to know undercover boss is fake though right? Like some guy shows up to your work with a camera crew you know exactly what’s happening.
If you had the ability to instantly give any person an orgasm, simply by pointing your hand at them like a finger gun and saying “pew”, how would you wield this power? I'd go to as many sporting events as possible, bet on the underdog and cause the other team to lose at ever possible chance of scoring.
What mind-blowing (but simple) facts would satisfy a 4-year old daughter’s daily request for 1 fact before bedtime? Dogs can tell when your comming home by how much of your scent is left in the house if you have a daily routine

[https://thebark.com/content/dogs-smell-passage-time](https://thebark.com/content/dogs-smell-passage-time)
It has now been 6969 days since the year 2000. How will you celebrate this monumental day? Shaving off all my head, literally.
People who downloaded their Google data and went through it, what were the most unsettling things you found out they had stored about you? That there is a map of everywhere I went in the last couple of years that's accurate to the hour.
Therapists of reddit, what was your biggest "I know I'm not supposed to judge you but holy sh*t" moment? I was counseling a 13 year old girl for anxiety and she reported sexual abuse from her step dad. I called her mom and told her mother I needed to call child protective services. Turns out that CPS was already aware and the abuse was first report around the patients age 7. Mom was aware of the abuse and stayed with her husband anyway. It was a complicated situation, and it wasn’t. How could she not do more to protect her daughter?!sorry lady... I’m judging.
What do you KNOW is true without evidence? What are you certain of, right down to your bones, without proof? [deleted]
Ruth Bader Ginsburg, US Supreme Court Justice, passed at 87 I'm not american, what does this mean for you guys?
How would you feel if Reddit added a feature where you could still use your normal account, but then have an option to press a button on your account and post anonymously rather then creating a throwaway? I wouldn't trust them with it.
People who can fall asleep within 8 seconds of their head hitting their pillow: how the fuck do you fall asleep within 8 seconds of your head hitting your pillow? That's my secret cap, I'm always tired
How would you feel about school taking up an extra hour every day to teach basic "adult stuff" like washing clothes, basic cooking, paying taxes? My rural ass school did this in the 00s.... home ec, sewing, taxes, cooking, woodworking, etc. Could even get into metal working, accounting, quilting, pottery, etc if you wanted to.
What was the best "you have no power here" moment you have ever seen? I used to work for a super cunty manager when I worked at McDonalds. This guy was horrible to us. He was constantly bullying us, shit talking us TO CUSTOMERS, and doing everything in his power to make us miserable. Well, so many people complained about him that he ended up getting fired. 

New manager was great. He was super chill and understanding with us all. A couple weeks after he took over, the old douchebag comes in and starts talking about how terrible the store looks, how our service is shittier than ever, and how much this store needs him. The new manager looked at him and said "If you don't leave, then the cops are gonna make you"

When the douchebag didn't move, new awesome manager stuck to his guns and called the cops. The douchebag is no longer allowed on ANY McDonalds property in the city and has a restraining order against him.
You're given the option to drop what you have and return to 12/31/2011 as yourself at that age, but with the extra 8 years of experience. Do you take it? Why or why not? In a fucking heartbeat. My entire life crashed because of one decision I made in 2012. I don’t care about the money, I just want the chance to fix myself and be ok.
As a 20-30 year old, you are offered the chance to live rent-free in a retirement or nursing home with the caveat that you must make an effort to spend at least a few hours/day with the other residents (sharing meals, hanging out, etc...). Would you take this opportunity and why or why not? I actually did this in my mid 20’s. I was a chef by trade at the time. I got the head chef gig at a community, but it was 2 hours from home. They told me there was one open in my town, but it didn’t work out that way. It was great money and I was newly married. To sweeten the deal and not lose me, they offered me a furnished room in the building and it was only Monday through Thursday. Some of the best times of my 20’s were had there. Wii bowling every night, big dinners, movie nights... the whole 9 yards. I enjoyed it immensely and was almost sad when the opening became available in my hometown.


I never edit these and usually thank people individually if I get awards, not possible now, so thanks everyone, I appreciate you.
What looks easy peasy lemon squeezy but is actually difficult difficult lemon difficult? Work. I'm a lawyer and had a client call saying she needs a help with a merger, but "don't worry, it's super easy peasy lemon squeezy."

That project took 6 months and I almost had a breakdown.  She didn't understand why the bill was so high since it wAs SO eAsY...
What are some methods you can use to protect your lemon tree from the lemon stealing whores? Never take more than 10 seconds without looking at your lemon tree
Australians of Reddit, since no peace treaty has been signed to officially conlude the Emu War, how has life in this constant state of war been for you? It is the 41st Millenium. For ten thousand years, the Irwinperor has sat immobile on the Ayers Throne. He is the Master of Australia by the will of the gods and master of millions of blokes by the inexaustible might of his armies. But for all their multitudes, they are barely enough to hold off the ever-present threat to humanity from invasive species, genetic mutations, and far, far worse.

These are the tales of those times. Forget the promise of of scientific progess and conservation.  There is no peace amongst the Outback, only an eternity of carnage and slaughter and the laughter of thirsting gods.

In the grim darkness of the far future, there is only the Emu War.
Admins of Reddit, what's your favorite subreddit? This is the most red I've seen in my life.
Martin Luther King, Jr. said, “If you can’t fly then run, if you can’t run then walk, if you can’t walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” What are your life examples of this? After my mom died, I set a single goal to do something productive each day. For awhile it was getting out of bed. Then it was brushing my hair. Then it was cooking something to eat. As each little thing graduated from my "thing" for the day to just habit, I would add a new thing. It took awhile to be functional again. It really did feel like I was crawling when everyone else was running.
Women of reddit, what do you think about the fall of constantinople in 1453 by the ottoman forces led by Mehmed II? I’m not a women but I just texted a girl I know asking her opinion and she told me to never text her again so I think she’s upset about it.
When you're lying in bed at night, do you ever randomly remember some relatively minor social missteps or poorly chosen words you did/said years earlier? And then beat yourself up over it even though it really wasn't a big deal? If so, what happened? I went to Dairy Queen with my daughter.  She brought along her kitten.  The cute girl at the walk-up window asked my daughter what the kitten's name was.  "Princess" was the response.  Smiling and feebly attempting to make conversation, I said "Today" to indicate that my daughter changed the cat's name frequently.

I got a dirty look and the girl left the window to go make whatever cold treat we had ordered.  It wasn't until later, on the walk home, that I realized that she thought I was telling her to hurry the hell up and make my order.  Still haunts me years later for some reason.
How would you feel about a ban of “how would you feel” questions on the sub? I would feel pretty good
What's your favorite poverty meal that you still eat regardless of where you are financially? Grew up poor, but my mom sure knew how to stretch a dollar. She would make steak fingers out of the cheapest cuts she could find. Tenderize, fry them up make gravy out of the drippings and serve with mashed potatoes. The whole meal probably cost less than 5 bucks in 70s dollars, and I'm telling you nothing tasted better. I made it for my kids when they were growing up and they still ask me for it sometimes.
She would be 94 today.

Love you miss you mom.
How do you feel about ’how would you feel?’ posts being banned? Honestly I think the issue goes beyond this one phrase. There are a lot of trash/spam/bait posts on this sub that are only allowed because they’re phrased as a question.
You're gifted 24 straight hours where you and your pet(s) are suddenly able to understand each other and have real conversations like you're old bffs just catching up on lost time. What would you want to tell them and how would you want to spend those hours with them? To figure out what name he gave me
IF people used "break up lines" instead of "pick up lines" what would some of them be?? I will always cherish my initial misconceptions of you.
You can't time travel, but your phone has the internet from 5 years in the future. What do you search for first? Lottery numbers -> stock prices -> my name.

&#x200B;

You may ask why my name but it's very simple as I then can learn if I died until then or got caught for some shit and are still in prison.

EDIT: WHOA, I didn't expect anything. Many thanks for the awards and upvotes.
What do you think is the single greatest photograph in history? [This one makes my heart race every time](https://external-preview.redd.it/PG2nb2BDLoPUTX1KmPQ6j3a6DanauvFoI4NIXPUh3Lo.jpg?auto=webp&s=6e4a6f544f1280541df38da6b5a58556f653009c) A pickup truck flees from the pyroclastic flows spewing from the Mt.Pinatubo volcano in the Philippines
Do you ever look at yourself one day and think you are hot as shit, but the next day comes and you've become Quasimodo. Why do you think this happens? 
 I know I’m a handsome man from the front but have a weird head shape form the side. So I avoid turning my head at all times.
What are some slang terms a 50 year old dad can say to his daughter to embarrass her? Just say "whatup fam?" Then when they get mad yell "worldstar"
Elon Musk is now worth $197 billion, how do we sell him? Sell him off as a stock. Start a subreddit for owners called r/ElonMuskBets and watch as the owners fight over whether he is over priced or not.

Edit: The subreddit already exists. Step one complete.
You're cursed with the ability to see ghosts but you can only see either A. sexy ghosts that are constantly trying to get you hard at all times (you cant feel anything) or B. smart ghosts that always correct you in a condescending way to make you feel stupid, which do you choose and why? [deleted]
The words 'Low Battery' appear right before your eyes, you take off your VR headset and realized your whole life was just a VR simulation which you've been playing for only a few minutes. How do you react? "Dude, I suck at this"
What do you think buzzfeed employees worked on while reddit was down yesterday? Are you a Zoe or a Zelda?
What do you think of the idea of "adopting" elderly people whose children have died as parents or grandparents, much the same way we adopt children whose parents have died as our own? This reminds me of the programs where kindergartens take the children into aged care facilities and the children pick a buddy, and then write letters, draw pictures and visit their buddy.
You are given a baby on your 21 first birthday, the child turns out to be you as a baby. Raising him won’t change your life, only his. How would you raise this child to give it a better life than the one you have? Give it to my parents.
78% of suicide rates world wide are men, what can we do to help them? Don't expect men to be "manly". We have worries, we have fears just like anyone else. Sometimes we don't want sex, we just want someone to hold us and tell us everything is going to be be ok. The modern world shouldn't expect someone to be anything other than a contributing member of society, be it any way. Men like power and feeling looked up to, but like women and children, we need someone to love us and someone we can fall back onto. When a man, or even a woman is shutting people out and isolating themselves, they need your love the most. I know this will get buried but I hope someone can take something from this.
How would you feel about at least one presidential primary debate being replaced with a history/civics themed contest of Jeopardy between the candidates? This sort of reminds me of when we (Finland) were having a Presidential election where the two final candidates appeared on a comedy quiz show about current events (our version of "Have I Got News for You"). 

The candidate who was much more funny in the show won the election, and the other candidate's people would complain that voters seemed to have been sold on basically impromptu humour and a good performance in TV - as if that sort of thing didn't already swing elections whether they're on a comedy show or not.

The suggestion in this thread is at least about something more important than just the week's news, so why not do it?
What are subtle red flags at a job interview that say "working here would suck"? I always ask about training and learning curves. Every job I’ve had that went wrong- I notice that when that question came up they stumbled. The current job I have, when I asked the question they had sparks in their eyes as they explained the whole process from day 1 of shadowing to the transition to working solo. And even when covid hit they managed to continue without skipping a beat.

Edit: oh gosh thank you! My first ever award!! Made my week!
Waiters what Valentine day disasters have you witnessed? I blew my cars tire and my friend came in to bail me out. Were both straight dudes and forgot it was valentines. Decided to have dinner and both were coming from important meeting so had suits on. We didnt catch on until the end on how the entire wait staff thought we were just the cutest gay couple.
Redditors who work at remote places like forest officers, oil rig workers, etc, what creepy things have you noticed while at work? I worked at a public forest. One day we had someone report a dead animal on the side of one of our trails. A few of us from the front desk hiked out to see what it was. It looked like a giant peice of...liver maybe? Just a pile of smooth red meat...no blood around. And it was wrapped up in a t shirt, with some coins scattered around it. We called our rangers to go check it out, and one of them was pretty sure it was a placenta. The weird part is, you have to check in thru a front desk. So someone either snuck a placenta/liver in or gave live birth/removed an organ on our trails. We never got an answer on what the pile of meat was, how it got there, or why.
In 2019, Pornhub released statistics that showed step porn is trending downwards worldwide, but hentai is rising, especially in Russia. How can we use this information to foster world peace? Don’t know about you but I’m investing in Russian squid market.
Have you ever felt you don't know/have forgotten who you really are? That you've spent years just adapting to surroundings to make life easier and don't know what's the real you anymore? If so, how did you overcome this? Start reading into existentialism. 


It will help you realize we are never really THIS person or THAT person, but rather in the words of Sartre; we are always in the process of becoming.


This helps do away with the bad faith in "finding myself", which so many of us feel we need to do, when in reality we always are in that process. So feeling lost is a state that will always come and go throughout life, just as much as feeling found or grounded will come and go. ❤
Times Square right now Someone needs to open a GameStop across the ny stock exchange 💎🙌
UPVOTE so everyone sees we got SUPPORT This just makes me more eager to fuck them over. Fucking robinhood joining in now we still gonna 🚀🚀🚀
GME YOLO update — Jan 28 2021 And once again!

When i find myself in times of trouble

DeepFuckingValue comes to me

Speaking words of wisdom

Let it tendy
GME YOLO month-end update — Jan 2021 back up to 46mil. legend. dont waste your awards on this, buy GME!
It’s treason then The real stonks are the friends we are making along the way.
CLASS ACTION AGAINST ROBINHOOD. Allowing people to only sell is the definition of market manipulation. A class action must be started, Robinhood has made plenty of money off selling info about our trades to the hedge funds to be able to pay out a little for causing people to loose money now The fucking audacity to call yourself Robin Hood and instead steal from the poor.

Edit: Everybody plz go tank robinhood's reviews on the app store.
GME YOLO update — Feb 19 2021 You were literally the only person at the hearing who could:

1. Speak in complete sentences 
2. Use technology 
3. Not need a lawyer present 
4. Buy the dip
GME YOLO update — Jan 27 2021 --------------------------------------- guess i need 102 characters in title now [deleted]
GME YOLO update — Feb 1 2021 The legend didn't sell even one call today. DIAMOND HANDS
Used some of my GME tendies to buy Nintendo Switches from Gamestop, then donated them to a Children's Hospital. Got featured on the local news and brought glory to WSB. Now buy more $GME.
IT'S POWER TO THE TRADERS NOW “But honey, I know it could technically result in INFINITE losses but only a total retard would buy  GME these days”- Gabriel Plotkin last month
That’s what I thought Unfortunately for you, we like the stock
Can we all take a moment and appreciate the Mods who have grinded through this and held our community together. Thank you. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
It runs very deep, my friends. I have been saying it all god damn day. Fuck these motherfuckers. These pieces of shit crashed the economy and cost my father in law's  job right after he shelled out for his daughter and my wedding. My guy never worked steady again and died worried that he didn't do enough for his wife. Fuck these pieces of shit.
I am proud to do my part in paying forward our good fortune with a donation of 6 Nintendo Switches and games to go with them to the Children’s Minnesota Hospital. Cant Stop. Won’t Stop. GameStop. (Still long 50 shares I WILL NOT SELL) The real Robinhood
Crazy mannnnnnn. We can't let this slide at all Rich People: “You can close out your position but you can’t purchase additional shares”
Drew this for you my fellow retards 💎🙌🏼 I can see this as a dorm room poster in years to come.
Mark Cuban spent nearly 2 hours answering questions in his AMA. And then immediately called into CNBC to defend WSB! What an outstanding ape 👏

Edit: thanks for the upvotes, my reddit account can day trade now
I’m so proud of you all. [deleted]
WE'RE IN THE ENDGAME NOW Fun fact from an autistic South African, in the movie when black panther says “YIBAMBE!” thats IsiXhosa for “HOLD FAST/ HOLD IT/ HOLD POSITION” 


AMANDLA!!!!!!!!!

YIBAMBE!!!!!!!!! 

🦍 🦍🦍🦍



🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
 💎💎💎💎💎💎💎
WSB right now a south park episode about GME stock would be hilarious
In honor of finally seeing the almighty u/deepfuckingvalue. We must now do our part in having him written in the history books as the greatest that WallStreetBets has ever seen. The Big Long - coming to theaters and HBOMax in 2022. 
Starring Luke Wilson as DeepFuckingValue.
GME YOLO update — Mar 8 2021 congress DARED him to buy at 40
Congress might do something for once We didn’t advocate shit 

I do not give financial advice
A message to WSB from the Director of the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund! Harambe would be so proud of this...
GME YOLO update — Apr 16 2021 — final update THIS GUY!   Not only exercised, but got an additional 50k.
Not sure if anyone posted this here, but yikes They deleted mine, I just resubmitted
GME YOLO update — Feb 2 2021 fucking legend
IMPORTANT!! THERE ARE NO SELLERS!!! DO NOT PANIC IF YOU SEE PRICE DROP HOLD THE LINE! UPVOTE SO PEOPLE DON’T PANIC. THEY ARE TRYING TO MAKE US SCARED, DON’T FALL FOR IT. 

## HOOOOLDDDDDD IT WILL PAY OFF. ##

💎🙌🏼🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🪐
Doing my part 🤲🏻🤲🏻💎💎💎💎🤲🏻🤲🏻 sorry babe , I got Diamond hands
Our favourite analyst. 🚀🚀🙌💎🌕 I am monke, i like stock💎🙌🚀🚀
Forever never dies 🥰 Millennials are used to getting 3.50 back on a 60 dollar game.  So buy high and sell low comes naturally to us.
Mic drop [deleted]
Fake news 🤣 This is getting insane! They're trying to stop non-reddits from jumping on board.
GME YOLO month-end update — Feb 2021 That additional 50, 000 shares ended up being absolutely genius but at this point, it's just expected from the madlad.
WSB PIONEER. FEARLESS BAG HOLDER. BETTER THAN DIAMOND HANDS. RICHER THAN YOUR WIFE’S BOYFRIEND’S UNCLE. YES, THIS IS NONE OTHER THAN DEEPFUCKINGVALUE HIMSELF. I'm in love with the thought that a bunch of Wallstreet insiders are reading "sits in his boston basement where he streams his youtube videos" and just

Simply

*FUMING* about it
WSB, WHAT IS YOUR STRATEGY? 💎✋🚀 I might be retarded but im doubling down. Still overly shorted, fuckery from robinhood and other brokers yesterday confirms that were onto something solid and i want to make sure these fuckers lose as much as possible.

Fuck em all. I am very pissed. If i lose it all then whatever. If we win we make history. Sue robinhood. Bankrupt these hedge funds. Fuck them all.

Also not a financial advisor.
Today, Interactive Brokers CEO admits that without the buying restrictions, $GME would have gone up in to the thousands GME stimulus checks March 2021
GME YOLO update — Feb 3 2021 – heads up gonna back off the daily updates for now Hello SEC interns, u/DeepFuckingValue is not our leader, we don't care if he SELLS or if he HOLDS, his posts are for entertainment only.
If I can hold at -$10MM then you can hold too. 💎🙌 [deleted]
We are all the way up I just bought 10 more shares after hours because I love this fucking stock!
GameStop gear going to the new home at the Children’s hospital of Atlanta Monday. POWER TO THE PLAYERS ! CHOA is amazing, this makes me so happy. When I had cancer as a kid, my parents drove me an hour and a half to go there and that's where I did all my extended stays. They really do a lot for kids to make it not as terrifying for them, almost all my memories from that time are of the play room there as I'd make my parents walk me there every time I felt well enough, and the incredible nurses. This makes me so so happy to know they'll be getting even more stuff to makes kids happy during one of the most challenging times in their life.
I don't need Fox Business to hold me accountable, but I'll take it! Asides from the obvious reasons, I really hope this happens so you can show America your ass
Like this post if you are holding!!💎 The real squeeze is yet to happen🚀 #DO NOT SELL WHAT YOU CANNOT BUY

#THIS DIP WAS ARTIFICIAL, THE SHORTERS ARE DOUBLING DOWN. DON'T HELP THEM

#LOG-OFF IF YOU ARE GETTING ANXIOUS

#HOLD THE FUCKING LINE
PREACH Big finance is mad they got beat by self proclaimed autists who jerk off to loss porn. I would be mad too if I was them.
First of many lawsuits I hope 🤞🏻 out of this bullshit!!!! #DownWithTheHOOD https://www.sec.gov/oiea/Complaint.html     File a complaint.  Fuck Robinhood they need to go down for fucking us
Billboard! Went full retard!🚀🚀 North of Dallas along super busy I-35 I’m Curious.

How much does a billboard cost?
Billboard in Oklahoma City, OK! If someone can rent out a billboard for GME you can hold your shares!!! 💎 🖐!!!! (Left watermark for credit) Need it on times square
Charles Payne gets it! When Robinhood turned off buy orders, it decimated the orderbook and allowed hedgefunds to dump the stock into everyone's stop losses. Once everyone was stopped out, the funds most likely rebought on the way back up from $125. This is market manipulation.
u/DeepFuckingValue is being asked to testify in the upcoming GameStop hearing. "Diamond hands and tendies gonna enter the Congressional Record" C-SPAN is gonna be lit
Honor to Diamond Hands. This is the Mona Lisa of the Diamond World
Cool, but why would they bother telling us? Oh they closed their positions? Perfect, you won’t mind us holding for a bit longer then
Listen, it’s easy All we need is a 3rd mortgage on the house honey dont you see it
CNN BACK. OFF. This is a LIE. Literally a 5 second scroll of our board would inform this to be untrue. EDUCATE yourselves!!!!! Fidelity lets you buy GME right away ! 🦍🦍🦍🚀🚀🚀💎💎💎
Welcome to the Endgame. All your hedgefund are belong to us.
Do you think he realized it YES OR NO "Yes or No?"  


*Thank you for the great question...when I was a child in....*  


"ANSWER YES OR NO"  


*I was a poor boy from a poor family. We immigrated...*  


"SIR, YES OR NO? "  


*...... We immigrated here when I was six years old.*   


"I'M RECLAIMING MY TIME!"
You know something is about to go down when most members of Congress are United over Wall Street trying to fuck us. I LIKE VIDEO GAMES!

I LIKE HOLDING SHARES OF GAMESTONK!!!!!!!

💎🖐💎🖐🖐💎🖐💎🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
$265,000 raised so far for Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund ❤️#GMEToTheMoon #ApesStrongTogether 🍌🦍🚀🌕 this is the most amazing thing I've seen all weekend. how the fuck is this not on national news? It's huge news when a billionaire gives pittance of their money why not WSB?     
      
 Retail Investors Rally to Save the Gorillas    
      
there I wrote your article title
DFV’s smile, he’s watching all us apes support him. Love the background.

Hang in there 💎
Where do we go from here and who is going to step up to help us? *ahem*

Buy the FUCKING. DIP.
Oops THERE IS NO SELL, ONLY BUY. ONLY HOLD. THIS IS THE WAY. 🚀🚀🚀
DFV More like lose billions
Just bought $1MM worth of $GME. My profits from years of trading. Let’s stick it to the HFs! 🦍 strong together. 💎 🙌 This guy doesn’t walk he just hops around on his 4 foot dick like a pogo stick💎🚀
To the person that's the laughing stonk of their family. Cant be the laughing stock when the whole fam buys gme
Pirates of the Wall-Streetibbean HF: PARLEY! I demand a parley!

WSB: I'm disinclined to acquiesce your request.
💎🙌 Here is our DeepFuckingValue in WSB style - art by crossdogz 🚀🚀 They’re going to make a documentary about this man in a few years
Huge shoutout to Kevin O'Leary: "Definition of the market is speculation. If you are short you know run a new risk that these effective social media vigilantes are going to come after you and squeeze you and its good because it will make a lot of hedge funds think for a second time before shorting." This is nothing but the market working the way it's supposed to.  If you're so arrogant, you crowd the trade so badly the short interest is 144%, you deserve to get your head handed to you.  

It ain't nothin' but a crowded trade and someone realized it and put on the contrarian trade.

Edit: Thanks for all the awards. I just call it like I see it though.
Adopted a Gorilla. Apes saving apes
Good Morning to Everyone Except Robinhood, courtesy of @KasparCMS on Twitter The world is now experiencing the level of troll that we’ve known and loved since childhood
Don’t listen to them, this is them trying to take focus away from GME *gives Reddit award* 

Here’s the only Silver we need to care about
RASHIDA IS WITH US Rashida, AOC, Don Jr, Ben Shapiro, Robert Reich, all agreeing and on our side. What the fuck is happening?
THIS GUY IS FLYING A BANNER SAYING "SUCK MY NUTS ROBINHOOD" Hope pilot uses money to buy gme
The Hero we need right now : FUCK ROBINHOOD! The funny thing is that this sub probably brought on thousands if not a million+ new users to their app with this whole movement and now they fuck us over

Edit: Leave a review on the App Store, takes 1 minute
DO NOT SELL! Robinhood has blocked the buying of more shares. If you try to sell you will get fucked because who are you going to sell it to if nobody can buy it? They are trying to make you flood the market with sales offers and bring the price down. Dont fall for it! [deleted]
Inspired by many others, I hit a few GameStop’s and got some Switch’s, games, etc to donate to my local Children’s Hospital. Thanks WSB, we like the stock! The Switch per hospital ratio is gonna dramatically increase over the next few months. Those sick kids are gonna be ripping it up in Smash. Diamond hands over hedgecucks any day!
My 102 year old grandmother bought GME in August 1995 and held through all this time. IF SHE'S IN, I'M STILL IN
Give them nothing, but take from them everything I bought $25k worth near the top at $370. Ain’t selling a penny until the scumbags bleed out
Welcome, new money "Rest assured, this will be the sixth time we have destroyed our portfolio, and we have become exceedingly efficient at it."
I asked my cat if I should buy or sell GME And he said he wasn’t a cat...
DIAMOND HANDS VS THE WORLD 💎🤝💎💎SEE YALL ON THE MOON 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 I’ll be buying more tomorrow! 💎🙌
Justin Sun (Asian billionaire) has our back and is joining in. Everyone talking about the 🌝 , and this guy over here with the “Fuck the moon, we going to the Sun”
Finished my DIY project just in time for GME to 🚀🚀🚀🚀 (percentages simulated to show movement in the video) You could sell that as like a gimmick Christmas present. Just make it programmable for any stonk or portfoolio
He said it! between this and opening his statement by saying “i am not a cat” i was just fucking delighted
ROUND 2! We've refuelled, and now we're going to pluto 🚀🙏 They called us bagholders, BAgHoLDErs!!

Edit: thx for the award retard
CNBC now running Ads promoting that Melvin Capital closed their short positions on $GME CNBS is funny.... they think people buying GME actually watch mainstream news.
Mark Cuban said "once the brokerage stops restricting trades, then we'll see what WSB is really made of". Well, guess what? Robinhood has removed all restrictions. Imagine Mark Cuban reading this sub now
Some dickhead on CNN said the government should ban people for talking about the stock market on the internet. This ain’t China bro By that logic they should shut down all the financial channels.
GME Today... "How do I know when to get off the roller coaster?"

... "I don't understand the question."
DEEPFUCKINGVALUE just TWEETED! HOLD THE FUCKING LINE!!!! This dude is actually built different
Today wasn’t a bloodbath for $GME or $AMC. WE watched LITERAL insanity as Hedgies sat and traded their trash BACK and forth to each other in order to cause YOU to panic. HOLD. BUY. Do the hedgies not realize that the cheaper the price the more we'll buy? We lose money for breakfast
OUR SAVIOR KEEPS MAKING THE NEWS! DFV INSPIRES US ALL CUZ WE JUST LIKE THE STOCK! 🚀🙌🏼🐈 They forgot to mention his option positions for another cool $20MM
Take your time, you got this Them: I don't think I like this game.

Me: But you haven't even played it for 5 minutes and are still in the tutorial.
My parents (late 70s) got me a ps5 controller for Christmas. I do not own a playstation 5... Many years ago I was given a computer flight Joystick for Christmas. I was devastated because I only had a Nintendo and not a computer to use it with. My father said he was sorry and that we could return it for something else. A few minutes later, I opened my next gift which was a computer and a flight game.
I got off the horse by accident right before a cutscene in red dead [deleted]
The perfect cosplay doesn’t ex... Dusting the crumbs off his shirt made the whole act complete
'Play until we lose' I usually stop playing on a win, to finish my day on a high note.
Can we please boycott Star Wars battlefront 2 I made this decision after the last Battlefront. Give me a 60 dollar game with 4 main mp levels and no campaign? GTFO
As a teen in the 80s, my conservative God-fearing family wouldn't let me own Dungeons & Dragons. Thirty years later, my son and I are starting our D & D journey. My father is a minister.  During the early 90's, he actually bought me a  D&D set.  I remember him saying "If you start worshipping the Devil, it doesn't mean that this thing made you do it. It just means that you're stupid. Don't be stupid, OK?"
EA removed the refund button on their webpage, and now you have to call them and wait to get a refund. If you stay on the line for 30 minutes you can earn enough credits to speak with a representative (standard data rates apply)
Train Simulator is so immersive! Someone is going to watch this on a train and have their mind blown.
Been gaming with this dude for 15 years. Since Rainbow Six Vegas on 360. I have some good gaming memories with him. He tried but couldn’t get one. Little did he know I was able to get him one. Looking forward to playing another generation with him. Rainbow 6 Vegas needs a remake
EA will no longer have exclusive rights of the Star Wars games Can we get a remastered Republic Commando now?
Don't gamble it, be patient Is that a kid on his lap in the first panel? ...Or did he anthropomorphize his dick and give it a hat?
Increasing poly count doesn't always make sense. It’s like they didn’t even try.
Both photos are me, two years and 220 pounds lighter. Luigi-time! Now that's dedication to your cosplay craft.
I found out today that my grandpa ordered a better gaming rig than myself and any of my friends Grandpa needs to get that middle screen right up to the back of the steering wheel which will bring the side monitors up so his peripheral vision is completely full.

Then hit up a Field of View (FOV) calculator online and input the required measurements. The calculator will give an optimal FOV for his set up. 

He'll be faster and it makes it much more enjoyable. Good luck Grandpa!
Very relevant Unfortunately, as long as there will be buyers at hiked prices there will be sellers.
They asked him what gaming chair he was using. Illusion: 100
Life is difficult, have some mercy A long time ago I played on a public Minecraft server. In my designated building area, people couldn't break blocks but they could push buttons, open chests, furnaces, etc. So anything you had stored would be raided if you had any doors.

My solution was to set up only one entrance: a steel door with a button. It was in a tight, enclosed corridor and a sign above it begging people **"Please don't push the button and come in. I work hard and I'm saving up. Don't take my stuff"** or something like that. If people respected the sign, they'd turn around and leave. If they pushed the button, the floor would open and they would fall all the way to the bottom of the map. It was a deep enough fall that they had time to think about what was happening before they hit. At the bottom, of course, was lava, to destroy whatever they had been carrying.

I had rigged it up so it would tell me if my trap had been tripped while I was offline, and it always brought a smile to my face when I'd log in and see that I'd wiped out some would-be griefer's entire inventory.

How did I get in? I had no real entrance. I'd just mine random blocks and replace them as I came and went.
Video games are great, but sometimes it's nice to unplug and play a game of Jenga with your cat If that cat pulled a second block I was ready to lose my shit.
This one goes out to all the Twitch gamers who try their best I know a few people who stream. Once, in the chat someone mentioned their birthday coming up in a few days. I made sure to mark the day down went to their channel on that day while they were streaming. 

When I got to his channel, I was the only viewer. I wished him a happy birthday and followed his channel. Man, it made the his night! The little things you can do to brighten someone's day.
Intimidation at its finest. Classic no-look-bird-kill technique. 

Gets em’ every time. 
Just Nintendo things On Sale? I don’t even know what that is -Nintendo
I am that guy that makes sculptures in Minecraft. Here is my latest, and only sculpture for 2018. I call it "Aquasomnia" Is there anyway to share the map with someone else so they can explore your art in detail? That would be cool.  


Also did you just add in the water afterwards in a photoshop like program?
I built a chainsaw carving simulator in VR. Waddya think? Is there a way you could make the cuts less wide? Would perfect it for me. Great work, deff something I'd play! Imagine this as a feature in a survival game, real wood simulation. Being able to carve patterns into your log cabin, whatever
I made another cyberpunk scene in minecraft Map download??
Red vs Blue was ahead of it's time “Commence operation shotgun”

“Sarge that’s code for for shoot Griff in the face”

“Oh, Then commence operation shoot Griff in the face”

“Sarge that actually means shoot Griff in the face”
In South Park: The Fractured but Whole, the difficulty setting changes the colour of your skin. Gamer or not, you should try to play this if you're a fan of SP. The stick of truth played out like a full length SP movie and they clearly put a lot into it. One of the best story lines they've ever done and this one looks like it's going to be even better. 
The life of a gamer parent In Keanu's voice that sounds super weird
When I was kid I used to play the floor is lava with shadows, now I'm making my shadow game a reality! Oh this looks REALLY cool!!
Little bro had been saving up for a PS4, so big bro surprises him with one on his birthday. My big bro did this for me years ago, I come home and a my brother is grinning and won't tell me why, so I walk towards my room to turn on my light but before I get to my room  a t.v turns on on my room and Mario is at the start screen, I almost passed out lol.
He used half the money he made during the summer (he was in highschool) to buy me a 27" tv and a N64.


I was finally able to return the favor few months back, surprised him with a GTX 1080ti. Felt awesome.

EDIT: wow thanks for the gold and silver!! Never thought my post would create such a reaction!
It's VR Jenga but your fingers get longer after every move. You in? The finglonger
It’s still a work in progress but this is our his and hers set up so far! This looks like a stock photo its so tidy.
I'm not that good, but this happened... That's some Mario Kart bs.
Playing Spiderman when I found a building that looked familiar... That is one of the coolest feelings when playing video games set in real locations. 
It's a shame... [deleted]
Don't fund your annoyance No but *this* time it's not gonna come back to bite me, trust me
Bill Gates selling the first copy of Halo 3 at a Best Buy (2007) [Bill Gates revealing the original Xbox with The Rock (in character)](https://youtu.be/Lu7o3exy00Q?t=192)
Story Driven Rpgs... But will you draw this new comment among the flood of better ones?
I'm developing a multiplayer game where you hunt Ghosts! 👻 Luigi's mansion is looking great
Pretty please After playing Silent Hill 2 i am kinda immune to Horror games.
You Gotta Swing Real Hard to Win the safety straps are in the dad's pocket lol
The Silver Snipers are a CS:GO team in Sweden where the youngest member is 62 and the oldest 81. They say playing CS has helped to give them a confidence boost and serve as a sort of mental gymnastics There is a Swedish news story about them. 

https://www.svt.se/nyheter/lokalt/stockholm/skjutglada-seniorer-tranar-infor-dreamhack

It is in Swedish, but it is gold, because their nicknames are awesome.

>De kallar sig Birdie, Windy, Knitting Knight, Teen Slayer and Berra Bang. 

Translation: They call themselves Birdie, Windy, Knitting Knight, Teen Slayer and Berra Bang.  
Anyone else guilty? 8 hours?! That’s how much I play every hour!
Despite its bugs, Cyberpunk 2077 has some of the best shading I've ever seen. I wish I'd recorded it;
I summoned my car, and it showed up at the end of the block and drove away. I followed it for a while, but it kept going so I summoned a second car. It appeared directly beside me, as expected. I got in it, and my first car turned around and rammed into me.
My friends have been working on their VR vs PC game for almost two years, pretty proud of them! This is a cool asymmetrical pvp game. I haven't seen anything similar that comes to mind.
gamer moment That one Doom Eternal achievement that needs you to beat the game without upgrades. "You can't perfect perfection". 
Bruh moment.
Employees thanking loyal customers after second SEGA store in Akihabara closes after 17 years Seems like akihabara might change big time after covid...
I make voxel art in Minecraft, this is my latest piece! I call it the 'Perfect Marionette' And I thought i was good doing black and white pokemon gen 1 sprites. This is awesome man
The best thing of Gaming It's either that or Mom grounds me from the N64.
If you went back in time and showed this to 12-year-old me, it might've broken my brain My brain still breaks
checkmate gamers 😎 But can the switch run Team Fortress 2?
So Ubisoft has a new logo Please someone make a 3D model showing this rotation.
[Fall Guys] Tricking a crowd can be risky That was spectacular
Why Jedis should never come to the dark side of the map That would have made the original trilogy so much shorter
I love money Hey, the game cost almost $250 million in development costs, they're just trying to—

> the game broke industry sales records and became the fastest-selling entertainment product in history, earning $800 million in its first day and $1 billion in its first three days.

#FUCK.
My Grandma has played Wii Fit everyday for over 10 years! She should be ready for DOTA now. 
I just passed 1 year working on my solo project Song of Iron and 6 months since you all changed my life and blew up my first post. I've made a ton of changes based on your feedback, What do you think? You all seriously have changed my life, because of the positive response to my first post the game was discovered by xbox and I got the honor of being in the summer games showcase pre show.  I owe a lot to this community... seriously thank you. 

My name is Joe and Song of Iron is a solo passion project of mine.  Think INSIDE but if the kid was a viking in the land of Nordic gods.  I have a long way to go but the journey has been amazing so far and I cant wait to keep pushing to the end. 

if you want to know more about the project the [songofiron.com](https://songofiron.com) site has links to wishlist and all the social media fun. 

Thanks again!
"Valve announces Half-Life: Alyx, its first flagship VR game" Half life 2.99?  

E: lol well they promised 3 VR games at least. We've come full circle...except now we're in the realm of VR.
Free Games game is game
Seems fair... The marketing analyst reading this feedback just laughed and pinned it to his cubicle, then went back to work reading the normal abuse that comes back to him.
This holiday season... No the original xbox
Cool new card from Activision Blizzard's Hearthstone! What makes this all the more scummy is that they also took back ALL of the winners prize money.

A tournament they touted so much, flaunted the 'massive' winnings... yet the moment they gotta pay up, they just yank them right back into their pocket and ban/condemn the winner of their Tournament entirely.

So where did the money go Blizzard? You wanna at least pay out the other players?
Found this accidently in World War Z. Thought that might be funny ^^ he will never be given up
Escort Missions Karen's mom ends up being the true antagonist
This is why we don't use YouTube guides. Always put "no commentary" into your search bar

Sweet sweet silence
It’s time "This username has already been taken."
My 79yo father exercises with Wii fit almost every morning 8.7 years, dang that's some dedication 
Log in into your Microsoft account to comment in this post Who's the big hairy guy supposed to be?
The classic trio Don't forget about the Japanese-only version: Mean Green Reconvene II
Unlocking Everything in Battlefront II Requires 4528 hours or $2100 and in 2yrs time BFIII is launched, no progress carries over. 2yrs later BFII servers are turned off and your progress is lost
How to avoid headcrabs in VR "Finished the game using only a chair" 

I already foreseen those youtube videos
99x99 grid, 1500 mines, first success after probably 2 years of attempts. I can finally retire!!! How many coinflips were there ? You know, when there is not enough info and have to pray rngeesus
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because you didn't freaking COOK IT! [removed]
Why games should be played in VR It would have made this a perfect GIF if when she flipped it over moments later it was a completely different card 
EA’s stock is falling, and it’s because of us. They are flipping out, so keep it up! Remember everyone, the stock market is about the long term gains / losses. The entire market is down today, and EA isn't the only one having a minor loss in stock price.

Losing 1% isn't a big deal in the overall scheme of things, but if a company starts to lose 3 - 4% and continues to gradually decline, that's when EA will need to start taking things seriously.

"Don't get cocky, kid" but do keep up the pressure. Consider it a success when their stock value continues to decline or to remain even.
The voice actors recreated the scene lol. https://youtu.be/cU0oHq9Y6Ws

Pure gold
It's been 8 years my friends Na, Witcher 3 came out like last..........

^^Fuck
Cannonball! ... erm... Sonic the hedgehog reboot is looking great!
Remember when Satoru Iwata cut his salary by 50% for 5 months due to the commercial failure of the Wii U, instead of firing people...these companies should take note. I can't find the interview, but when asked about his decision, he actually went on to explain that holding job uncertainty over your staff halts creativity and productivity.  Nobody can really be asked to give it their all when they don't know if they'll have a job the next day after all..
The Stride of Pride My sim has 14 children, she stopped walking like this a long time ago.
GTA through the years. Gta 4 also had two dlc's that were like full single player campaigns.
[X-Post] Remember my XBOX ONE AD CONCEPT? Microsoft just copied it! I get a lot of photography work stolen and just like you only find out after its gone to print. I would generally ask for the commission cost of the job and a half with no further actions taken. Here's my bank details let me know when the sum total has been paid etc. Most companies are happy to see a quick fix solution. I wouldn't accept an Xbox as payment. It's cash and if they want to send one along as a sorry then so be it. But ALWAYS go for the cash payment and ALWAYS know that you are in the right and they are very much in the wrong (although to be fair this could very well be just an outsource design company, one they should probably avoid using in the future) best of luck! 

*This blew up....

There's a lot of interesting debates going on in the comments. It would be best for folks to not take such an aggressive position against something they have no first hand experience in and are basing everything they know on a quick Google and some biased reasoning. The fact is art and ideas are stolen every day for profit in lateral fields, and I would guess that 99% of individuals either never find out or if they do never pursue reparations because it seems complex and scary and the big guy will always win, so why bother. For the 1% that understand the value of an idea, no matter how simple or complex they may be, it's important to support them, it's how we as consumers end up benefitting from their continued work. A smart plagiarist might stay in business for years by hacking the spark that others use to ignite their creativity, but once that light goes out why bother creating anything new at all. Advertising when executed with class leads to a lot of really satisfying, thought provoking and entertaining work. I bought an amazing book called Advertising published by Thames and Hudson and I find it to be the most inspiring collection of work when I'm feeling stuck or have some creative block, but the inspiration ends when I feel as though I'm leaning on those ideas too heavily. In any case, the outcome will
Be interesting, goodwill from Microsoft can fix it easily, and if the designer is a third party it may spell the end of their relationship with MS. In any case, it's probably too early to say he is definitely owed something substantial, but equally it is far too late to say he is owed nothing at all, the advert went to global marketing release, and it was his/her idea. 
14 years of graphics improvements, all so we can properly digitize keanu. The game went from an "I like what I hear so far" to an "I want to fucking co-op with Keanu"
its been my dream to be a game dev forever, and today at 20 yrs old i deployed my first ever finished game to a local muesum. 1000s of lines of code, 75% mine, all done in under 3 weeks. [deleted]
I made a BIG F-key to pay BIG respects Love the big F.. We all need a big F
Been working in games for over 10 years thought it was time I made my own. What do you think? Looks awesome! What systems?
Fallout 76 200$ Collectors Edition Comes With Nylon Bag Instead of Canvas 2018 has some pretty good responses from video game companies. 

"Don't you guys have phones?" -Blizzard 

"We aren't planning on doing anything about it" -Bethesda
A friend of mine passed away recently. His parents used this as his urn. I hope he respawns into a better server next time. Sorry to hear your friend passed. It's heartwarming to see that his parents embraced what he loved though. Something we can all hope for one day :)
'There are no winners in war, only losers' This is bf1 in a nutshell. 

Oh and snipers, snipers everywhere. 
I'm working on a game where you build a village on a giant, wandering creature This reminds me of the Lion Turtle cities from ATLA. I'm really looking forward to this! Remember not to burn yourself out and that it's okay if some ideas don't work out in the end. Whatever you make will be fantastic, I'm sure!
The struggle of having a job Reminds me of playing OGame way back in the day.

You literally were baby sitting your account or worrying about your save and getting back to check on your account.  There was no inbetween. 

Edit:  thanks for the gold kind stranger!  Respect!
This is how I found out. Dam the nostalgia of the old Lego games
#liberatehongkong I just deleted Diablo from my cell phone!

Edit: Just to be clear, the game has not been released, this was an attempt at humour.
Our largest Minecraft map ever made.2000x2000 blocks. Took 8 months to complete I had to zoom in to make sure this was really Minecraft blocks and not just a rendered image. Very impressive.
The Senate. Upvote this so that people see it when they Google "The Senate". Annnd it's the most upvoted reddit post of all time. 
‘Black Panther’ actor Chadwick Boseman dies at 43 after 4-year fight with colon cancer I understand he probably wanted to keep on the low key but this is absolutely insane that there was no rumor about him he int sick.
Leo gets the Oscar! Reaction and speech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJx0kxexPmc

Edit: Another source: [here](http://volume.vox-cdn.com/embed/8b7a111f0?placement=lede&tracking=article%3Alede&player_type=null&start_time=null#ooid=1za2dmMTE6T_MwuZ7n_ExBrfUVJHA-0T) and [here](https://cdn.video.playwire.com/1003055/videos/4644864/video-sd.mp4?hosting_id=1003055)

Someone is surely rushing to take those down very quickly.
Sir Sean Connery dies aged 90 :( I shall never forget the Scottish Russian accent.

"Nuclear ballistic submarine Red October."
Hey everyone, Guillermo here. I wanted the Reddit community to be the first to see the official artwork for my new film, The Shape of Water. Enjoy! Where’d you find a merman?
When cast in "Big Fat Liar", John Cho was asked to do his role with an accent. He turned down the part, saying he didn't want young people thinking it was okay to laugh at someone's accent. In Cho's entire career, he has not once played a character with a fake accent Did y'all read this article? Because I actually laughed out loud at:

"The director agreed to let Cho do the part without an accent, and as we all know, Big Fat Liar went onto win forty Oscars that year."
‘Matrix 4’ Officially a Go With Keanu Reeves, Carrie-Anne Moss and Lana Wachowski Didn’t he die?
Stan Lee, Marvel Comics' Real-Life Superhero, Dies at 95 [I feel like there's one cameo that really solidified his legacy for everyone...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVoadkAMP4k)

RIP you wonderful man.
Terminator came out 35 years ago - here are some of my personal behind the scenes shots Did the eye makeup ever start annoying you? I feel like you have an urge to scratch the itch
The World Unites on One Thing: No One Wants a Princess Bride Remake Ha ha! You fool! You fell victim to one of the classic blunders - the most famous of which is "never make a remake of a beloved movie."
'Joker' becomes first R-rated movie to gross $1 billion worldwide I just want to point out how much money Todd Phillips has probably made between this and the Hangover series.  Most of his movies have been relatively low budget and R rated, but his movies are making marvel levels of money.  Dude must be loaded now.  It'll be interesting to see what he makes next cause I'm sure WB will give him complete control over anything at this point.
First Image of Tom Holland as Nate in Uncharted No half-tuck. Literally unwatchable.
Tom Hanks as Mister Rogers on the set of 'You Are My Friend' Colin Hanks played Mr. Rogers in Drunk History. 
Peter Mayhew, actor of Chewbacca from 'Star Wars', has passed away Damn. Aside from his cinematic presence, I'm also gonna miss his Reddit comments. Him chiming in on random posts was always fun to see.
Robin Williams dead at 63 According to Entertainment weekly his publicist gave a statement.
>
“Robin Williams passed away this morning. He has been battling severe depression of late. This is a tragic and sudden loss. The family respectfully asks for their privacy as they grieve during this very difficult time.”

[Source](http://insidemovies.ew.com/2014/08/11/robin-williams-dead-at-63/)
‘Dune’ Sequel Greenlit By Legendary For Exclusive Theatrical Release I just hope the Atreides bagpipes guy is still alive
Jagshemash. My name Borat. My new moviefilm is streams in Amazon. Please you will watch then spray me with questions. I strong, I have survive syphilis 17 time, I can take whatever you want pump on me! AMA! Where can I get a copy of the book for my daughter
First poster for ‘Wonder Woman 1984’ How many W’s can they fit into a poster?
Verne Troyer passed away today Suicide? Damn. 
Comedian Jerry Stiller, Seinfield Star And Father Of Ben Stiller, Dies Aged 92 [deleted]
Jordan Peele is the first black writer to win Oscar for best original screenplay. First MadTV cast member to win an oscar i think 
Golden Globes: 'Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse' Wins Best Animated Feature Spider-Verse: "Hold my Koca-Soda."
'Zombieland' Sequel a Go With Emma Stone, Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Abigail Breslin No way those Twinkies are still good.  
First image of Pixar's 'Lightyear' Starring Chris Evans - the definitive story of the original Buzz Lightyear Mrs Nesbit Origins
Ryan Reynolds to Produce 'Stoned Alone' - R-Rated Re-imagining of Classic 'Home Alone' Just tell me Macaulay Culkin's involved, and I'll die happy. 
How the HALO jump scene from MI: Fallout was filmed. The cameraman also jumped with Tom Cruise. Can't wait to see the new Top Gun's behind the scenes where they show the cameraman strapped to the front of Tom Cruise's jet during high speed maneuvers.
Adam West, Straight-Faced Star of TV's 'Batman,' Dies at 88 I remember seeing Adam West and Burt Ward at Comic-Con in 2010. Funny, classy guys, both of them. They had the whole Q&A audience laughing with anecdotes and jokes, and they even had little kids who had probably never seen any of the old Batman series in awe. 

I went up to the microphone and asked Adam West if he would dance the Batusi for us. He replied, "Well... I don't have my cape! But seeing as how I am a master of The Boogie, I will!", then he did. Delightful of him to humor such a lame request.

Another question someone had was, "Burt, you were really young on set. Did Adam take you under his wing? Show you the ropes?" Burt Ward looked over at Adam West and said, "No, not really. He was supportive, but he also liked to take me to parties. Get me drunk...."

To which Adam West leaned over and said into his microphone, "O-R-G-Y!"
'Borat 2' Has Already Been Shot and Screened by Sacha Baron Cohen Best dvd easter egg ever was on the first Borat movie.  If you went to the setup and chose Hebrew for audio/subtitles, an alarm would go off saying 'jew in vicinity! jew in vicinity!'
Carrie Fisher dead at age 60 I got to meet her one year I was working backstage security at DragonCon here in Atlanta. I was standing around backstage while the room was being filled, checking in on our VIPs when Carrie came in with her crew. I knew one of her guest escorts so I said hi to him. He introduced me to Carrie and I told her how wonderful it was to meet her. She shook my hand and looked intently at my face. Then she pulled out a make-up case and a brush and started brushing something on to the left side of my face. I looked at Fritz, her escort, and he said, "She's been doing this all day." Carrie grabbed my chin and turned my face back to her. She then finished COVERING the left side of my face with glitter, cocked her head to take a more critical view of her work, nodded, and went on to her next appearance. She never spoke to me the entire time but booped my nose as she walked away.

I kept running into other people on the crew that day who had glitter dust on their faces. Everyone just smiled and said, "Oh, you ran in to Carrie, too."

Super nice lady. She will definitely be missed.

EDIT: Wow, my first Reddit Gold just for telling a cute little encounter. I just thought sharing that story might make a few people smile. My girlfriend got her picture taken with her the same weekend. Carrie showed up at a group Princess Leia cosplay photo and my girlfriend wound up right next to her. Very sweet lady.
Why Everybody Should Be Very Afraid of the Disney Death Star: “Disney would control as much as 40 percent of the the U.S. movie business, and 40 percent of the U.S. television business” The great Disney Google War of 2026
James Cameron congratulates Avengers: Endgame on becoming the biggest film of all time Zoe Saldana: "Whatever"
Harvey Weinstein Guilty: Jury Convicts Him of Rape, Criminal Sexual Act I am just baffled by the description of his penis.  No balls, penis looks like a vagina, possibly intersex and burn victim.  I've never wanted to see and not ever see a penis so bad.
Finally filming Kung Fury 2 I met David Sandberg four years ago, right after I saw the original Kung Fury. I absolutely loved it and could not stop laughing so I had to meet him.  Now we are finally in Munich shooting. I just had to share with you guys, because I’m so proud of him for making his hilarious vision into a reality. For those of you who want to get into the movies, he’s proof that if you have the vision and you work non-stop and keep hustling away, you can do it. Here’s a photo of the two of us: https://www.reddit.com/user/GovSchwarzenegger/comments/d3p8n7/on_the_set_of_kung_fury_with_kung_fury_himself/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Parasite Wins Best Picture at the 92nd Academy Awards I looked down for a moment, why was everyone chanting "up up up"
RIP Peter Sallis - Wallace and Gromit I remember my dad use to watch these movies with me when they first came out. He took audio samples from it and replaced all the Windows sounds on our family PC. No fuckin' clue how he managed that back then. I can still clearly hear the "What's all this?" and the "AaaAaHh *glass breaking*" sounds for errors and stuff.
There are less than a dozen remaining Blockbusters in the United States. One of them has a Twitter account, and it's pretty hilarious. "Do you find more people come in for VHS tapes or DVDs?"
"It’s pretty much a 50/50 split on that one. If we’re being honest, though, most people come in to use our bathroom or hang out with Chad, a senior on the football team who works Tuesdays and Thursday nights."

I am dying, this is the greatest.
New 'Deadpool 2' Poster So they aren't backing down with the release date? Man, May is going to be a mess.
Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk is the only live-action film in the top 25 worldwide box office of 2017 to be original—not an adaptation, remake or sequel. TIL to make an expensive, original studio film in 2018...you basically have to be Christopher Nolan. 
Ten Years Later, 'The Social Network' Has Become a Supervillain Origin Story The Social Network - The story of a guy who would sacrifice everything to impress Justin Timberlake.
First image of Adam Driver and Lady Gaga as Maurizio Gucci and Patrizia Reggiani in Ridley Scott’s ‘House of Gucci’ - The story of how Patrizia Reggiani, the ex-wife of Maurizio Gucci, plotted to kill her husband, the grandson of renown fashion designer Guccio Gucci. Any character Adam Driver plays always just looks like Adam Driver in disguise.
Dune Official Trailer Should I read the book before watching the movie or go in blind?
Netflix takes over lease to iconic but failed 71-year-old movie theater in New York City to show its own original films. This use to be the case, where studios owned the movie theaters and then only showed their movies in their theaters. It eventually went to court and then all the way to the supreme court United States vs Paramount.
Netflix got booed at Cannes, but it's not responsible for killing movies; at least it finances auteurs. A lot of blame should go to the major studios, which have become sequel and franchise-obsessed [deleted]
My Grandmother kept a diary of the films she'd seen and gave them ratings. This was her diary from 1942. Mrs Miniver was one of my grandma's favourite movies. She had happened to mention it, not remembering the name, I discovered the right title based on her description and then realised it was actually playing at a senior's screening at my most local cinema the following week. I got up early and I took her to the pictures and I was the youngest person there by at least thirty years.

Taking her to see Mrs. Miniver is still one of my favourite memories with her, she passed away about six months later. It makes me happy to see your grandmother loved the movie too, it really is great.
I hate inconsistent movie volume Wife screaming from the other room: "Turn it down! Why is it so loud?"  
Me: "It wasn't like 10 seconds ago!"
New picture of John Wick 3 “Put him on a horse in a big city!”

“Why?!? What does it mean?!?”

“Nobody knows what its means, but it’s provocative.”
Dave Prowse: Darth Vader actor dies aged 85 > “When we were introduced, Lucas, who remembered me from Stanley Kubrick’s seminal 1971 film A Clockwork Orange, offered me two roles. The first was a character called Chewbacca. I said: ‘What the hell is Chewbacca?’ and he told me it was a hairy gorilla on the side of the good guys. Well, all I could think about was three months in a gorilla suit, so I said, ‘What’s the other part?’ And he said it was the big villain of the film, so I chose that because people always remember the bad guy.”  
   
People will never forget you, Prowse. Rest in peace.
Sony, Marvel Make Up: Companies Will Produce Third ‘Spider-Man’ Film > “I am thrilled that Spidey’s journey in the MCU will continue, and I and all of us at Marvel Studios are very excited that we get to keep working on it,” said Feige. “Spider-Man is a powerful icon and hero whose story crosses all ages and audiences around the globe. **He also happens to be the only hero with the superpower to cross cinematic universes, so as Sony continues to develop their own Spidey-verse you never know what surprises the future might hold.**”

I’m onto you, Feige.
'Borat' Sequel Fans Raise $50,000 for Unemployed Babysitter Duped in Sacha Baron Cohen Film Perfectly Balanced
The movie "The Princess Bride" meant so much to Andre the Giant that he made his wrestling friends watch an advanced copy of the VHS with him over, and over, and over again. He'd supply dinner, drinks and sweetly asking them each time, “What did you think of the movie? Did you like my performance?” Andre the Giant was such a sweetheart. 

Sad the condition that made him so famous was also responsible for his short lifespan
Star Wars: The Last Jedi - Official Teaser Trailer What was that shot of a burning temple??
In 1979's Alien, the alien only had 4 minutes of total screentime. Vader had 8 min 6 sec in 1977's Star Wars. Jaws only had 4 minutes screen time. Less can be more. I was surprised when watching Beetlejuice for the first time, that Beetlejuice doesn’t fully appear until the hour point and Michael Keaton only had 17 minutes of screen time.
A Texas theater shut down a few weeks ago. This week they decided to turn their outside wall & parking lot into a drive-in theater with free screenings & carry-out food for sale. Every ticket through Tuesday has been sold out and the theater is planning on adding additional showtimes to meet demand. > As to how it works from a technical aspect, the exterior wall of the theater was painted with high-grain white paint for increased visibility and sound is transmitted directly to each vehicle through AM/FM radios. Indoor rest rooms are available with sanitary and social distancing measures in place. Films begin at dusk and end in time to meet the local area’s 10 p.m. curfew restriction.

Really cool story. Will be interesting to see if this success snowballs into more theaters doing in. The free screenings have been more *Spider-Man: Far From Home* with plans on adding different options soon. They're making money from the food/concessions, delivering to cars.
First images from the new animated Scooby-Doo film 'SCOOB!' via Fandango I THINK COOLSVILLE SUCKS!
Sonic The Hedgehog (2020) - New Official Trailer - Paramount Pictures I like that they included the screaming scene just to confirm to us that they fixed those awful teeth
First poster for the upcoming film "Glass" Can I just say I love how David Dunn is chained to the floor? If the doctors at the hospital don't believe he's super strong, they sure are taking a LOT of precautions to make sure. 
‘Cats’ fans demand Universal Pictures to ‘release the butthole cut’ I wanted to go see it before it got taken away. I NEED to see this disaster fuck of a movie
Netflix's Upcoming 'Black Mirror' Film Will be a Choose-Your-Own-Adventure With 5+ Hours of Footage I can’t wait to end the year with an existential crisis. 
Tom Hanks to Play Mr. Rogers in ‘You Are My Friend’ I wrote about this once, but Mr. Rogers saved my mother's sanity. 

My brother was sick as a child and needed to see specialists who couldn't really give my mother a real diagnosis. Psychiatric conditions? Allergies? Neurological? Whatever it was, my brother was in a lot of pain and the ONLY thing that could routinely calm him and keep him happy was to watch Mr. Rogers. We'd watch it together every afternoon, my mom called PBS and they *sent* her VHS of the episodes. 

I don't know why, but she wrote him a letter thanking him. A couple of weeks later my mother receives a letter back. It's a typed letter and she assumes a form letter, but she reads it. The letter discusses how much he loves to read letters and how my brother's condition is exacerbated by the fact that doctors forget that children are children. It's a long letter - a full page - and references things my mother wrote. It's signed, in ink "Fred Rogers." 

My mother still has that letter, it's in a box, she had it framed. It was getting bleached, so she's put it somewhere where it won't deteriorate. My brother's condition was diagnosed and treated. That was more than 30 years ago, but that letter was *never* forgotten. I remember her taking it out when Fred Rogers died and we all read it. 

It's one of those things that seems so trivial, but at the time probably meant the world to my mother and for that, I will always have a hard time reading about Mr. Rogers and not tearing up. I bought copies of his show to show my son because years later, it's the only thing worth watching. It never took children for granted, and even I love watching him. Looking forward to sharing that with my son. 

First Official Image from "Zombieland: Double Tap" [deleted]
James Cameron congratulates Kevin Feige and Marvel! I can't wait for his followup tweet when Endgame passes Avatar

"Hey guys. James Cameron again. Once again I congratulate you for topping one of my movies. No hard feelings though since we're all part of the same family now"
Movie posters for "Toy Story 4" and "Child's Play" I just watched the trailer for child's play. In this reboot, is he still a ghost possessing this toy or is he an AI gone rogue?
Oscar Isaac To Star As Solid Snake In Sony’s ‘Metal Gear Solid’ Movie It's going to be two hours of a cardboard box sneaking around. The box will be voiced by Oscar Issac.
I listed more than 1,800 must-see movies and arranged them by genre and themes on a giant imaginary roadmap [deleted]
Joe Ruby, the co-creator of "Scooby-Doo," has died at 87 I think Scooby-Doo is one of those universal shows that everyone experienced at some point in their lives. I don’t know a single person who can’t at least hum the theme song. RIP Joe, and thank you for making a timeless masterpiece.
Marvel Studios' Avengers - Official Trailer “The title for avengers 4 was never spoken in Infinity War” Yeah ok buddy 
Ryan Reynolds’ 'Free Guy' Receives July 3, 2020 Release Date - About a bank teller stuck in his routine that discovers he’s an NPC character in brutal open world game. Player: \*Walks up to Ryan Reynolds*

RR: "Hello, how can I help you today?"

Player: \*Quick-saves*
Tarantino Made ‘Right Decision’ Refusing to Edit ‘Hollywood’ for China > Tarantino refused to edit the Bruce Lee scene out in order to secure a theatrical release in China.

And:

>”They absolutely backed me, 100%,” Tarantino recently told Deadline about Sony agreeing to skip China. “They were all disappointed, and so was I. Partly because we had Chinese co-producers and we wanted to do well by them. But there is a certain line you cannot cross. If it was just ‘Ok, Cliff slams Katie’s face into the fireplace four times…can we make it two times?’ Ok, I could do that. To actually remove an entire scene because the country finds that scene objectionable? No.”

Credit to Tarantino I suppose for not willing to ~~comprise~~ compromise his creative vision. Frankly, if his word is anything to go by, I’m surprised Sony wasn’t more insistent.

But maybe I’m just scarred from them forcefully meddling in one-too-many Spider-Man films.
First poster for 'The Matrix Resurrections' Neo waking up in the power plant is still to this day one of the most incredible and unmatched scenes, the sound effects, visuals & the music... when he looks over and out at all the pods...  I remember finally sort of realizing what the hell was going on and was just blown away.
Gene Wilder Dead at 83 Stop don't , Come back.
The Cast of Guardians of the Galaxy release statement on James Gunn Pom "sick and tied of her long ass last name" Klementieff
Borat sequel titled Borat: Gift of Pornographic Monkey to Vice Premiere Mikhael Pence to Make Benefit Recently Diminished Nation of Kazakhstan >While the test screening didn’t reveal who directed the sequel nor which studio was involved, 

I am curious as to why they aren't revealing the director, but they mention the writers.
Official Poster for 'The Matrix Resurrections' Neo slowly turning into The Dude
Hayao Miyazaki Got So Bored with Retirement He Started Directing Again ‘in Order to Live’ Miyazaki retires every 5 years only to be resurrected by his hatred of modern anime.
‘Star Wars’ Setback: ‘Game Of Thrones’ Duo David Benioff & D.B. Weiss Exit Trilogy Lol "setback"
The Matrix Resurrections – Official Trailer 1 It’s just not going to be the same without hearing “Mrrrrr Anderson!”
Actor Danny Masterson Charged With Raping 3 Women, Faces 45 Years In Prison Looks like The Church of Scientology can only protect you for so long.
‘Deadpool 3’ Confirmed for the MCU; Kevin Feige Teases R-Rating and When It’s Filming Quote from Feige, courtesy of the article:

>It will be rated R and we are working on a script right now, and Ryan’s overseeing a script right now… It will not be [filming] this year. Ryan is a very busy, very successful actor. We’ve got a number of things we’ve already announced that we now have to make, but it’s exciting for it to have begun. Again, a very different type of character in the MCU, and Ryan is a force of nature, which is just awesome to see him bring that character to life.
50,000 sign petition for Disney to rehire James Gunn for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 I’ll be genuinely interested in the outcome of this. We live in a world where our digital footprint can make a huge outcome regarding careers. Disney has had no problem hiring other people with incindiary attitudes and humor (I think someone mentioned Sarah Silverman, Johnny Depps current controversy comes to mind.) but the other side of it is we are continuing to see people draw hard lines on humor,  conduct and speech. Who can say what comes next? I don’t believe James Gunn will work with Disney again, but I do think other studios will be will to snatch him up. 
Bob Odenkirk Stable After Suffering “Heart-Related Incident” on ‘Better Call Saul’ Set Big sigh of relief here

Here's the latest from his rep:

>We can confirm Bob is in stable condition after experiencing a heart-related incident. He and his family would like to express gratitude for the incredible doctors and nurses looking after him, as well as his cast, crew and producers who have stayed by his side. The Odenkirks would also like to thank everyone for the outpouring of well wishes and ask for their privacy at this time as Bob works on his recovery.

Bob's son Nate [tweeted](https://twitter.com/birthdaynate/status/1420515313943302151) out a message saying "he's gonna be ok" as well.
‘Avengers: Endgame’ Finally Conquers King of The World James Cameron’s ‘Avatar’ To Becoming The Highest Grossing Film Of All-Time See, now James Cameron is REALLY going to need to bring his A-Game for the next decade full of Avatars!
Channing Tatum Joins the Cast of Ryan Reynolds’ Action-Comedy ‘Free Guy’ - About a bank teller stuck in his routine that discovers he’s an NPC character in brutal open world game. > Free Guy centers on a background character (Ryan Reynolds) who realizes he’s living in a video game. With the help of an avatar (Jodie Comer), he tries to prevent the makers of the game from shutting down his world.

Taika Waititi and Lil Rel Howery are also in the cast.
First image of Kristen Stewart as Diana, Princess of Wales, in Pablo Larraín’s SPENCER. Wow, major props to the hair and makeup team this is incredible
I quit my day job to make what I genuinely think is the most helpful movie suggestion website in the world: recommending highly-rated BUT little-known movies. Would love to hear what you guys think my thoughts:

1. Good luck - this is a very difficult space to be in (20 year veteran of building products in this category, including the Slingbox, Boxee, and more)

2. It's a nice start, but I *highly* encourage you to have a recommendation appear on the very first page. Making a user click for anything is just room for losing traffic, and a lot of it. Give us something right away, then let me explore *from* there.

3. Have fun!
Buster Keaton gets rejected by a hatcheck girl without a word being spoken in Seven Chances (1925) x-post r/silentmoviegifs

For some context, the plot of Seven Chances involves Buster's character inheriting $7 million, but only if he can get married by the end of the day. 

First he's just going up to random women and proposing marriage with no luck, but then the news of his situation gets out and a mob of women start chasing him.


Christopher Lee, veteran actor, dies at 93 Sir Christopher Lee (RIP):

* [Dracula](http://i.imgur.com/FO2tREm.jpg)
* [Saruman](http://i.imgur.com/ibwPljX.jpg)
* [Bond Villain](http://i.imgur.com/i9orzbT.jpg)
* [Count Dooku](http://i.imgur.com/k1ivcX2.jpg)
* [Receiving a Knighthood](http://i.imgur.com/ydUzMNN.jpg)
* [Released a Heavy Metal album in his eighties.](http://i.imgur.com/wecs571.gif)
* [His last day of filming for "The Hobbit" as Saruman the White at 92 years old.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxdCIf91mcQ)
The Senate. Upvote this so that people see it when they Google "The Senate". Annnd it's the most upvoted reddit post of all time. 
‘Black Panther’ actor Chadwick Boseman dies at 43 after 4-year fight with colon cancer I understand he probably wanted to keep on the low key but this is absolutely insane that there was no rumor about him he int sick.
Physicist Stephen Hawking dies aged 76 i guess he did outlive his life expectancy by 60 years

Since legalizing cannabis in 2012, crime clearance rates are increasing faster in Washington and Colorado than the rest of country, suggesting that legalization may free police to focus on more serious crimes. [removed]
Raising the taxes of graduate students by as much as 300% will be a disaster for the USA I'm a PhD student in the bay area. My University tuition is ~$45K/year.

I pay $2.1K/mo on rent for myself and my wife (who makes about ~$25K per year). This rent is *very* reasonable for a couples studio.

If this bill passes as written, our household taxable income will be about $90K, which is absolutely insane for the money we bring home. 

EDIT: 

In case others did not know, I also have my own graduate stipend.
No evidence to support link between violent video games and behaviour - Researchers at the University of York have found no evidence to support the theory that video games make players more violent. [deleted]
LED lights found to kill coronavirus efficiently, quickly, and cheaply, a global first in fight against COVID-19. The finding suggests the UV-LEDs can be installed in air conditioning and water systems. It requires less than half a minute to destroy more than 99.9% of coronaviruses. Adding UV treatment for tuberculosis was one of the reasons for introducing air conditioning in subways in NYC. Now they’re using UV-C to disinfect the cars from COVID too.
Wealthy, successful people from privileged backgrounds often misrepresent their origins as working-class in order to tell a ‘rags to riches’ story resulting from hard work and perseverance, rather than social position and intergenerational wealth. [removed]
Scientists believe that the function of zebras' stripes are to deter insects, so a team of researchers painted black and white stripes on cows. They found that it reduced the number of biting flies landing on the cows by more than 50%. Also really cool from the article:

"The cattle industry commonly sprays pesticides to combat biting flies, but the researchers say that painting stripes with non-toxic materials could be cheaper, healthier for livestock, and better for the  environment."
In the US, states typically pay for prison while counties determine sentencing. A natural experiment whereby the cost burden of juvenile incarceration was placed on counties led to a stark drop in incarceration. This suggests that mass incarceration in the US is in part due to misaligned incentives. I wonder what would happen if they reversed the funding costs, so that local government pays for policing and prisons, and states pay for schools?
Korean scientists developed a technique for diagnosing prostate cancer from urine within only 20 minutes with almost 100% accuracy, using AI and a biosensor, without the need for an invasive biopsy. It may be further utilized in the precise diagnoses of other cancers using a urine test. What stage does the cancer need to be in for this test to pick it up?
Having kids makes you happier, but only when they move out, according to a new study, which suggests that parents are happier than non-parents later in life, when their children move out and become sources of social enjoyment rather than stress (n=55,000). I wonder how the parents feel if the kids never move out though..
Woman with ‘mutant’ gene who feels no pain and heals without scarring discovered by scientists. She reported numerous burns and cuts without pain, often smelling her burning flesh before noticing any injury, as published in the British Journal of Anaesthesia, and could open door to new treatments. Healing without scarring actually seems even more interesting to study. Even some basic studies could reveal the purpose of scarring. Does she regenerate nerves and sweat glands?  Does it take longer to heal?
The first human trial of a COVID-19 vaccine finds that it is safe, well-tolerated, and induces a rapid immune response: “These results represent an important milestone.” Can I ask a question, for someone who has more knowledge about scientific studies than me?
They write that they gave a low dose (n=36), medium dose (n=36) and a high dose (n=36). Is there any reason they didn't use a control group that were given an injection without any active ingredients?
Second question - There was no mention of the person administering the injection not being aware of which dose they were giving the recipient. I thought this was common practice to prevent any undue influence on the results. Would they have done this as standard (which is why it's not explicitly mentioned)? Or did they not do this and is there a valid reason for that?

Edit: spelling
Scientists replaced 40 percent of cement with rice husk cinder, limestone crushing waste, and silica sand, giving concrete a rubber-like quality, six to nine times more crack-resistant than regular concrete. It self-seals, replaces cement with plentiful waste products, and should be cheaper to use. For those not familiar with concrete, it typically is made from gravel, sand, cement, and water.  The water turns the cement powder into interlocking crystals that bind the other ingredients together.

There are a lot of recipes for concete, but the typical "ordinary Portland Cement" concrete is made with a cement that starts with about 5 parts limestone to 1 part shale.  These are burned in a high temperature kiln, which converts them chemically to a product that reacts with water.

Lots of other materials will do this too.  The ancient Romans dug up rock that had been burned by a volcano near Pozzolana, Italy.  The general category is thus called "Pozzolans". Coal furnace ash and blast furnace slag are also rocks that have been burned.  They have long been used as partial replacements for Portland Cement.  Rich husk ash and brick dust are other, less common, alternative cements.

Note: Natural coal isn't pure carbon.  It has varying amounts of rock mixed in with it. That's partly because the coal seams formed that way, and partly because the mining process sometimes gets some of the surrounding bedrock by accident.

Portland Cement got its name because the concrete it makes resembled  the natural stone quarried in Portland, England at the time.
A new study in The Lancet by a team of Yale epidemiologists finds that Medicare for All would save more than 68,000 lives annually as well as $450 billion in cost [removed]
A quarter of all known bee species haven't been seen since the 1990s Want to help out whats left?? 

It's not as helpful as politicians doing their jobs, but if you want to do something that can really help these animals and all the others that live near you, plant native plants on any piece of land you can influence. Fill your yard. Tell your neighbors. Plant them at church or school or work. We need native plants everywhere. Ecosystems are built on plants. Planting native plants feeds insect that can only feed on native plants, which is most of them. Many of our native bees are need the pollen of specific native flowers to feed their young and complete their life cycle. There are 500 or so species of caterpillar that can eat oaks in north america. There are 4 species that can eat asian crepe myrtle. These insects feed other species. Like birds which take something like 900 insects/day to raise a nest of babies. Or these foxes which get 1/4 of their calories from insects. Invest in your ecosystem! Invest in diversity! Obviously we need systemic change, but part of the change that will save our future is building Home Grown National Park!!!
Tree stumps that should be dead can be kept alive by nearby trees, discovers new study, which found a tree stump that should have died is being kept alive by neighbouring trees through an interconnected root system, which may change our view from trees as individuals to forests as ‘superorganisms’. Here's a link to a Radiolab episode from last year called ["Smarty Plants"](https://www.wnycstudios.org/story/smarty-plants), which talks about this (and other stuff). It's frikkin crazy.
Research finds that crows know what they know and can ponder the content of their own minds, a manifestation of higher intelligence and analytical thought long believed the sole province of humans and a few other higher mammals. This line in the article, “Besides crows, this kind of neurobiological evidence for sensory consciousness only exists in humans and macaque monkeys.”, made me think of this neat study that did physical analysis of bird brains:

> How do birds achieve impressive cognitive prowess with walnut-sized brains? We investigated the cellular composition of the brains of 28 avian species, uncovering a straightforward solution to the puzzle: brains of songbirds and parrots contain very large numbers of neurons, at neuronal densities considerably exceeding those found in mammals. Because these “extra” neurons are predominantly located in the forebrain, **large parrots and corvids have the same or greater forebrain neuron counts as monkeys with much larger brains**. Avian brains thus have the potential to provide much higher “cognitive power” per unit mass than do mammalian brains.

https://www.pnas.org/content/113/26/7255
Venom from honeybees has been found to rapidly kill aggressive and hard-to-treat breast cancer cells, finds new Australian research. The study also found when the venom's main component was combined with existing chemotherapy drugs, it was extremely efficient at reducing tumour growth in mice. Key points:

The research was published in the journal NaturePrecision Oncology

It found honeybee venom was effective in killing breast cancer cells

Researchers say the discovery is exciting but there is a long way to go
Marijuana use among college students has been trending upward for years, but in states that have legalized recreational marijuana, use has jumped even higher. After legalization, however, students showed a greater drop in binge drinking than their peers in states where marijuana is not legal. I always wonder, is usage actually going up?  Or, is reporting usage going up, because the stigma is going away?
US states that rely on private prisons incarcerate more people for longer periods of time, according to a first-of-its-kind study that establishes a causal connection between private prisons and incarceration. States have agreements with private prison companies that guarantee a certain percentage occupancy. If the state doesn't lock up enough people they have to pay the prison company. 

Just sit and let that marinate...

Edit: Changed marinade to marinate.
Bird deaths down 70 percent after painting wind turbine blades [removed]
mRNA cancer therapy now in human trials after shrinking mouse tumours [removed]
The first severe COVID-19 patient successfully treated with human recombinant soluble ACE2 (hrsACE2), with disappearance of coronavirus swiftly from the serum, nasal cavity and lungs, and a reduction of inflammatory cytokine levels, leading to a significant clinical improvement. Could somebody explain to me what ACE2 is
Testing half the population weekly with inexpensive, rapid COVID-19 tests would drive the virus toward elimination within weeks, even if the tests are less sensitive than gold-standard. This could lead to “personalized stay-at-home orders” without shutting down restaurants, bars, retail and schools. This is basically what Boris Johnson is trying in England with his “moon shot” strategy. 

The main criticism I’ve seen is that in the absence of effective track and trace that we won’t be able to flag the super-spreaders quickly enough.
Self-driving cars will "cruise" to avoid paying to park, suggests a new study based on game theory, which found that even when you factor in electricity, depreciation, wear and tear, and maintenance, cruising costs about 50 cents an hour, which is still cheaper than parking even in a small town. [removed]
The United States, on a per capita basis, spends much more on health care than other developed countries; the chief reason is not greater health care utilization, but higher prices, according to a new study from Johns Hopkins. [removed]
U.S. adults look to scientific organizations like the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, rather than their president, to lead the country’s response to the coronavirus pandemic [removed]
Sleep deprivation impairs the suppression of unwanted thoughts and memories which enter conscious awareness when individuals confront reminders. Sleep-deprived people experienced significantly more intrusions and unsuccessful suppressions of unwanted thoughts. I've never noticed this, but now that you bring it up, it makes sense. I think many acts of personal strength and will dwindle with sleep deprivation.
Paleontologists have dug up a 130,000-year-old mastodon skeleton that looks like it was butchered by humans. But they found it in America, where people were not supposed to have arrived for another 100,000 years. Findings could upend our understanding of human history. The [full research article](https://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v544/n7651/full/nature22065.html) was published in the journal *Nature*.

**Abstract**
The earliest dispersal of humans into North America is a contentious subject, and proposed early sites are required to meet the following criteria for acceptance: (1) archaeological evidence is found in a clearly defined and undisturbed geologic context; (2) age is determined by reliable radiometric dating; (3) multiple lines of evidence from interdisciplinary studies provide consistent results; and (4) unquestionable artefacts are found in primary context1, 2. Here we describe the Cerutti Mastodon (CM) site, an archaeological site from the early late Pleistocene epoch, where in situ hammerstones and stone anvils occur in spatio-temporal association with fragmentary remains of a single mastodon (Mammut americanum). The CM site contains spiral-fractured bone and molar fragments, indicating that breakage occured while fresh. Several of these fragments also preserve evidence of percussion. The occurrence and distribution of bone, molar and stone refits suggest that breakage occurred at the site of burial. Five large cobbles (hammerstones and anvils) in the CM bone bed display use-wear and impact marks, and are hydraulically anomalous relative to the low-energy context of the enclosing sandy silt stratum. 230Th/U radiometric analysis of multiple bone specimens using diffusion–adsorption–decay dating models indicates a burial date of 130.7 ± 9.4 thousand years ago. These findings confirm the presence of an unidentified species of Homo at the CM site during the last interglacial period (MIS 5e; early late Pleistocene), indicating that humans with manual dexterity and the experiential knowledge to use hammerstones and anvils processed mastodon limb bones for marrow extraction and/or raw material for tool production. Systematic proboscidean bone reduction, evident at the CM site, fits within a broader pattern of Palaeolithic bone percussion technology in Africa3, 4, 5, 6, Eurasia7, 8, 9 and North America10, 11, 12. The CM site is, to our knowledge, the oldest in situ, well-documented archaeological site in North America and, as such, substantially revises the timing of arrival of Homo into the Americas.
Women overestimate men's attraction to thin female fashion models, study finds [deleted]
Water has been definitively found on the Moon, Nasa has said The confirmation of water being found on both Mars and Moon within a month is quite amazing
Industrial methane emissions are 100 times higher than reported, and have been vastly underestimated, finds a new study using a Google Street View car equipped with a high-precision methane sensor. They also were substantially higher than the EPA estimate for all industrial processes in the US. We don’t even actively measure methane on sources that are prone to emit it!!!

Source: I do emissions testing for EPA
Human 'microevolution' sees more people born without wisdom teeth and an extra artery The extra artery is in the forearm if anyone was wondering. Apparently one in three newborns (in the sample) had it.
In 2017, the Trump Administration restored local law enforcement access to military weapons and surplus military equipment that had been prohibited by the Obama Administration. New research shows that this militarization of local law enforcement does not actually reduce crime. [removed]
Every dollar spent on high-quality, early-childhood programs for disadvantaged children returned $7.3 over the long-term. The programs lead to reductions in taxpayer costs associated with crime, unemployment and healthcare, as well as contribute to a better-prepared workforce. I don't remember where I saw it, but I seem to remember that the biggest factors for improving chances of success later in life were proper nutrition and early childhood intervention in education. Basically, if you don't start them off right at a young age, it doesn't matter how much money you dump in later, it has little if any impact.
Cigarette butts are the most common form of litter on the planet: 4.5 trillion are littered each year. New research shows that they severely impact plant growth. The presence of cigarette butts reduced root biomass by 57%; germination success by 27%; and shoot length by 28%. [removed]
Rising income inequality is not an inevitable outcome of technological progress, but rather the result of policy decisions to weaken unions and dismantle social safety nets, suggests a new study of 14 high-income countries, including Australia, France, Germany, Japan, UK and the US. [removed]
The "natural experiment" caused by the shutdown of schools due to the COVID-19 pandemic led to a 2-h shift in the sleep of developing adolescents, longer sleep duration, improved sleep quality, and less daytime sleepiness compared to those experienced under the regular school-time schedule We've had decades of studies showing that making teenagers get up early is bad for basically all of their intellectual development and their physiological health.
Store-bought tomatoes taste bland, and scientists have discovered a gene that gives tomatoes their flavor is actually missing in about 93 percent of modern, domesticated varieties. The discovery may help bring flavor back to tomatoes you can pick up in the produce section. [removed]
Large U.S. study finds that marijuana laws (both recreational & medical) appear to significantly reduce prescription opioid use. [removed]
The rise of comedy-news programs, like Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert or John Oliver, may actually help inform the public. A new neuroimaging study using fMRI suggests that humor might make news and politics more socially relevant, and therefore motivate people to remember it and share it. [removed]
In 2012, the Obama administration required airlines to show all mandatory fees and taxes in their advertised fares to consumers upfront. This was a massive win for consumers, as airlines were no longer able to pass a large share of the taxes onto consumers. Airlines subsequently lost revenue. I vaguely remember pricing out a trip to Ireland from Los Angeles in 2008.

The advertised airfare was about 60% of the total actual cost; the full price included the remaining 40% of fees, taxes, government charges, etc. That ticket nearly doubled in cost.
Science Ama Series: I am Stephen Hawking, theoretical physicist. Join me to talk about making the future of technology more human, reddit. AMA! [deleted]
Supervisors with ‘bottom-line mentality’ driven by profits to the exclusion of caring about other outcomes, like employee well-being, environment or ethics, could be hurting their bottom lines by losing the respect of their employees, who counter by withholding performance, according to a new study. Employees taking revenge by withholding performance isn’t new. This has been a talking point in business leadership for a long time. The bottom line is that workers are your most valuable resource and the evidence shows that workers who feel valued and have a sense of belonging will work better and the person to empower them should be the person in charge of them.
Big name corporations more likely to commit fraud - Fortune 500 firms with strong growth profiles are more susceptible to “cooking the books” than smaller, struggling companies. This type of elite, white-collar crime is understudied especially when compared with street crime. Once you can afford enough attorneys to make the government’s job too difficult to investigate/prosecute them, then it can be more profitable for the company to break the law and then just pay the lawyers to get away with it or minimize penalties.
Cannabis use in pregnancy: Researchers discover that continued use of cannabis at 15 weeks of pregnancy was associated with significantly lower birthweight, head circumference, birth length, and gestational age at birth, as well as with more frequent severe neonatal morbidity or death. [removed]
Breast cancer linked to permanent hair dye and chemical hair straighteners in study of almost 50,000 women "The Sisters Study is a good prospective cohort study—but women were recruited to the study because they had a sister with breast cancer, so the conclusions wouldn't necessarily hold true for women in the wider population, hence the need for further confirmation."
The COVID-19 pandemic, which claimed more than 336,000 lives in the United States in 2020, has significantly affected life expectancy. Life expectancy at birth for Americans will shorten by 1.13 years to 77.48 years. That is the largest single-year decline in life expectancy in at least 40 years. I’m curious what caused it 40 years ago and there WASNT a pandemic?
Scientists have found "supercorals" in Hawaii’s Kāne’ohe Bay, where a reef is thriving despite development, dredging, sewage and high temperatures. In the lab, the corals also withstood simulated climate change, including rising acidity and temps. The find could offer hope for the future of corals. That’s at least a little bit of good news. Environmental articles that aren’t about the inevitable death of our planet seem to be few and far between these days.
Researchers first to uncover how the cannabis plant creates important pain-relieving molecules that are 30 times more powerful at reducing inflammation than Aspirin. The discovery unlocks the potential to create a naturally derived pain treatment for relief of acute and chronic pain beyond opioids. I work in drug discovery and just want people to understand what they actually did and not be misled by the sensationalized title.

In this paper the authors show the biosynthetic pathway for cannflavins A and B, which describes the enzymes with which the cannabis plant makes these compounds.

They do not discover anything new about the *activity* of these compounds in humans. The claim in the title that cannflavins are "30 times more powerful than aspirin" was actually from a paper in 1985 (Source: M.L. Barrett, D. Gordon, F.J. Evans. Isolation from Cannabis sativa L. of cannflavin--a novel inhibitor of prostaglandin production Biochem. Pharmacol., 34 (1985), pp. 2019-2024). 

In this article, they used a single type of human cells (cultured synovial cells from the joint) and look at a single type of inflammatory marker (PGE2) and conclude that cannflavin works better than aspirin by a factor of 30, but also works worse than some other drugs that we have (indomethacin by 18x, dexamethasone by over 100x).

So, although the new research is very interesting in an academic sense, it's not really correct to make any kind of comment on how this compound can be a new or better anti-inflammatory based on such little preliminary data from 35 years ago. Of note, if we were to discover that the cannflavins had interesting drug-like properties in humans, we would not be using the pathway described in this paper to make it, but rather more efficient organic syntheses that we have at our disposal.

edit: thanks for the awards. I'm getting a lot of similar replies so I wanted to clarify a couple of things:

1) Regarding the experiment from 1985, I was just pointing out that when you compare 4 things in a study, the conclusion in the news article shouldn't be "look at how much better #3 was compared to #4" without mentioning #1 and 2. I'm not peddling indomethacin or dexamethasone; just highlighting that the experiment gives far too little data to say that any of these are better than the others for human use.

2) Cannflavins represent two out of potentially thousands of biologically active compounds in cannabis, if not more. For those of you who have had positive experiences with cannabis, there are many other molecules that can be studied to validate your experiences, even if this is not the one. Like many of you, I'm looking forward to future experiments in the field.
Despite more than 12 years of data supporting HPV vaccine being safe and effective against genital warts and cancer, a new study found that Facebook posts help facilitate the belief that HPV vaccine is dangerous to health, with nearly 40% of posts about HPV vaccine amplifying a perceived risk. I was "too old" for the vaccine when it first came out and ended up contracting HPV. This led to a couple surgeries/procedures and so much anxiety. My older son got the series when he was 15/16 and it started being offered to boys. Once he learned what it prevented he decided it was "the least I can do for my future wife." (He knew what I had been dealing with).
Singles who are satisfied with their friends are less likely to desire a relationship partner [removed]
Instead of ‘finding your passion,’ try developing it, Stanford scholars say. The belief that interests arrive fully formed and must simply be “found” can lead people to limit their pursuit of new fields and give up when they encounter challenges, according to a new Stanford study. [removed]
A team of chemical engineers from Australia and China has developed a sustainable, solar-powered way to desalinate water in just 30 minutes. This process can create close to 40 gallons of clean drinking water per kilogram of filtration material and can be used for multiple cycles. How much does it cost? The issue with desalination has never been the rate of speed. It's always been prohibitively expensive.
Binghamton University researchers have been working on a self-healing concrete that uses a specific type of fungi as a healing agent. When the fungus is mixed with concrete, it lies dormant until cracks appear, when spores germinate, grow and precipitate calcium carbonate to heal the cracks. Really cool, I wonder how long the fungus can remain dormant? 
Young children would rather explore than get rewards, a study of American 4- and 5 year-olds finds. And their exploration is not random: the study showed children approached exploration systematically, to make sure they didn’t miss anything. I teach elementary PE (5 to 11 year olds). One of the big early breakthroughs I had in my teaching came around this idea. I have very specific standards I have to follow in my instruction, and many of them include equipment. For example, kindergartners need to be able to bounce a ball with two hands.

When I first started teaching I knew how to teach these specific skills, but it was hard to get students to focus on the task at hand.

The breakthrough was "exploration". Before I ask students to practice a specific skill with a piece of equipment, I let them explore with it. That means, aside from a couple of safety guidelines, that students can do anything they want with the equipment. They can throw it, kick it, dance with it, or whatever else they can think of.

After about five minutes of that, my students are ready to learn a specific skill and are much more successful because they got to explore first.
Researchers say if parents want to successfully cut back on their child’s screen-time, they must first cut back on screen-time themselves [removed]
A new study makes it clear: after universal masking was implemented at Mass General Brigham, the rate of COVID-19 infection among health care workers dropped significantly. "For those who have been waiting for data before adopting the practice, this paper makes it clear: Masks work." The research, conducted by Brigham and Women's Hospital, was published in JAMA: https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/fullarticle/2768533
Fecal transplant turns cancer immunotherapy non-responders into responders - Scientists transplanted fecal samples from patients who respond well to immunotherapy to advanced melanoma patients who don’t respond, to turn them into responders, raising hope for microbiome-based therapies of cancers. [removed]
The FCC is about to kill net neutrality. We’re protesting nationwide on Dec 7th to stop them. ***Wanna do something about Net Neutrality??*** 

//// here’s how... 

The FCC’s Republican chairman, Ajit Pai—isn’t going to get away with repealing net neutrality.. 

Go to www.gofccyourself.com 
——> click Express

———> then say: “ Chairman Ajit Pai, I specifically support strong net neutrality, backed by title II oversight of ISP’s. 

PRESERVE NET NEUTRALITY & TITLE II “
Rick Astley - Everlong (Foo Fighters Cover) [rock] Damn Rick Astley you are cool as hell! Thank you for sharing!
The FCC is expected to announce a vote to gut net neutrality rules the day before Thanksgiving. Only a big burst of phone calls to Congress can stop them from allowing ISPs to charge us extra fees to access sites, apps, games, and especially the music we all love. **Why is this happening?**

There's a revolving door the employees of the FCC go through, where they enter the FCC as former employees of the telecom companies, and then why they retire from the FCC (after a few years of scratching backs), they go back to the telecom industry as board members with a one hour work-week and a fat paycheck + company shares.

*Edit:  As u/eugkis5 has said, this doesn't apply to every employee of the FCC - clearly the average Joes that work there don't engage in this stuff.  My comment about is directed at the decision makers at the top of the organization of the FCC.  Without a doubt, many people with the FCC are as adamant about protecting net neutrality as we are.  Be careful with those pitchforks!*

This isn't tinfoil hattery. It's called Regulatory Capture, and it is a very real issue. It's very common in complex industries that have their own regulatory agency.

The FCC has been, quite literally, captured by the industry it was created to regulate.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regulatory_capture

>Regulatory capture is a form of government failure that occurs when a regulatory agency, created to act in the public interest, instead advances the commercial or political concerns of special interest groups that dominate the industry or sector it is charged with regulating.[1] When regulatory capture occurs, the interests of firms or political groups are prioritized over the interests of the public, leading to a net loss to society as a whole. Government agencies suffering regulatory capture are called "captured agencies".

Check out the "List of US examples" on that wikipedia page.  It sums up the current state of the US pretty nicely.
Right-wing fans mocked for boycotting Rage Against the Machine after realising band’s political stance 
“Our democracy has been hijacked! Our electoral freedoms in this country are over so long as it’s controlled by corporations! We are not going to allow these streets to be taken over by the Democrats or the Republicans!”
- Zach De La Rocha at the 2000 DNC Convention
Travis Scott Facing $750 Million Astroworld Lawsuit from 125+ Attendees My man is texting Kylie like, “you know we’re soul mates, right babe?”
Dollywood, Dolly Parton's amusement park, announced that the company will cover 100% of tuition, fees and books for any Dollywood employee who chooses to pursue further education. This will be offered to all seasonal, part-time, and full-time employees, and they can enroll day 1 of their employment. Seeing this is amazing. As a roller coaster enthusiast and theme park nerd. Dollywood is one of the best parks in the country for rides and atmosphere and customer service and now add on this, the morale will improve and it should be even better. I love it
Chance The Rapper is starting a new awards show for teachers Chance The Philanthropist
Miley Cyrus’ “Party In The U.S.A.,” NSYNC’s “Bye Bye Bye” suddenly charting for some reason This is written like an Onion article, but for real life.
40 year old rock station in Chicago replaced by Christian radio at midnight last night. Signed off with Motley Crue’s “Shout at the Devil”, Iron Maiden’s “The Number of the Beast”, and AC/DC’s “Highway to Hell". I listened to this station every day on my way to work.  They played solid classics.  

I'll tell you what though...the amount of dick pill advertisements they played before they signed off was maddening.
‘F*** Donald Trump’ song tops charts after Biden wins election RIP Nipsey
Neil Peart, drummer for Rush has passed away at age 67 Neil Peart stands alone.
Chris Brown steals my video. [deleted]
Daft Punk Call It Quits thank you robots
Eminem just dropped a new album - Kamikaze - without any promo out of nowhere Holy shit. "Lucky You" is stupid fast like Rap God but instead of saying he's the best at rap, he's just saying everyone else sucks lmaoo.

Joyner is from my hometown so I have a soft spot for him and I'm so happy to see him with such a huge rapper.
Eddie Van halen has passed away Shred in peace.
DMX Has Died at 50 “To live is to suffer. To survive, well, is to find meaning in the suffering”

RIP DMX
Eminem is the first and only artist to have 10 consecutive no. 1 albums "I sound like a broken record everytime I break a record"
President Obama Signs BOTS Act of 2016 Which Makes It Illegal for Bots to Buy and Resell Tickets Congress loves acronyms.
Childish Gambino’s ‘This Is America’ And Kendrick Lamar’s ‘Alright’ See Massive Spotify Gains Amid George Floyd Protests Run the Jewels 4 is also super fitting.
System of a Down's "Chop Suey" becomes first metal music video with 1 billion YouTube views Enjoy that 18 bucks my dudes!!!
Jack Black and Jack White finally team up to record a song as Jack Gray Now the White Stripes just have to make a song with the Black Keys called piano and the singularity will be complete
Donald Trump mocked for “absolute irony” of playing ‘Fortunate Son’ at rally - The 1969 track famously attacks draft dodgers during the Vietnam War. It ain’t meee! It ain’t meee!

Oh no. It you.
I'm singer, songwriter and entertainer. I’m Ozzy Osbourne, also known as the Prince of Darkness. My first new solo album in 10 years, Ordinary Man, is out now! Ask Me Anything. What's something you wish people knew about you?
Dr. Dre Boasts About Daughter Getting Into USC ‘All on Her Own,’ Then Remembers $70 Million Donation and Deletes Twitter Post And Dr. Dre said: *This tweet has been removed or deleted*
Mad respect to Lady Gaga for not lip-syncing during that half-time show. Man, anyone see the circular keyboard. It appeared for like 2 seconds, but... no words can explain it
For anyone defending the trash that is Travis Scott.. I was at a Fall Out Boy concert at the United Center. A song or two into the performance, they stopped and told the entire crowd to move back because people were getting smashed on the front. Did not play another song until the crowd moved back several feet.
Cardi B to ‘WAP’ critics: Stop expecting me to raise your kids It's a good point though. Artists should have no responsibility to alter their product to appeal to children.
David Bowie dies, age 69. Saw him with Tin Machine at the tiny Roxy in Los Angeles. Someone threw a long-stemmed rose at him when he was turned the other way and he snatched it out of the air from behind without even looking. It was the coolest thing I ever saw a rock star do at a live show.  
Britney Spears Seeks to Remove Father Jamie as Conservator in Legal Bid This whole situation reminds me of what happened to the Beach Boys lead singer, Brian Wilson , but it was his doctor who was doing it
Pearl Jam tickets for the two London shows went on sale at 11:00am GMT today. At 11:00 GMT today tickets were sold out. Already tickets pooping up for resale at 3x the price. What the fuck is this bullshit, fans being gouged whilst pigs try to profit Oh yes, had the exact same experience trying to get tickets for Flight of the Conchords in London. Went on sale at 10:00am, I had been all ready to go for 10 minutes, at 10:00:00001 they were ALL 'sold out' and ALREADY up on a resale site for 3x-4x the price being advertised on the same page. 

Interesting fact, after some digging I found that both the site I was on and the resale site are both owned by ticketmaster. 

I'm sure it's just a coincidence though.....
Dave Chappelle Puts On Massive Block Party In Dayton in Honor of Mass Shooting victims. 20k in attendance. Entertainers seen at the event include Kanye West, Chris Rock, Chance the Rapper, Talib Kweli, Jon Stewart and Michael Che I was wondering why Kanye was at the Greene the other day
Swedish newspaper says Avicii is dead. His publicist just confirmed it:

*"It is with profound sorrow that we announce the loss of Tim Bergling, also known as Avicii," his publicist Diana Baron said in a statement. "He was found dead in Muscat, Oman this Friday afternoon local time, April 20th. The family is devastated and we ask everyone to please respect their need for privacy in this difficult time. No further statements will be given."*

Just 28 years old, RIP.

[Source](https://www.billboard.com/articles/news/dance/8358389/avicii-dead-tim-bergling)
[AMA] I'm really Rick Astley. I swear. And to celebrate my first album since 1993, I'm here to let you Ask Me Anything! Do you still rock the same dance moves?
After Chris Brown challenges rapper Offset to a fight, he claps back with 'Only People You Go to Toe to Toe With Is Women' Everybody hates Chris.
Congress votes to ban "bots" from snapping up concert tickets "You shouldn’t have to fight robots just to see something you love."

That phrase might have a different meaning after skynet.
Mozart Officially Sold The Most CDs In 2016, Beats Drake Who owns the rights/$ from long dead classical musicians? 
Pink Floyd’s David Gilmour Sold His Guitars for $21.5 Million—And Donated Everything to Fight Climate Change Shit, in college I had to sell my guitar for gas money. I guess I did the opposite of what Gilmour did.
Chris Brown arrested after a show in Florida on a felony battery warrant. Can we please end this piece of trash's career already? R Kelly still has a career
R. Kelly Dropped by Sony Music [deleted]
TIL about a website called Boil the Frog - put in two artists of different genres and you'll get a Spotify playlist that gradually and seamlessly takes you from point A to point B. TIL Hanna Montana is a crucial step between Weezer and Beethoven
Prince, when asked if he would ever perform alongside a hologram of a dead musician: "That’s the most demonic thing imaginable. Everything is as it is, and it should be. If I was meant to jam with Duke Ellington, we would have lived in the same age." “You people must realize that the public owns you for life, and when you’re dead, you’ll all be in commercials dancing with vacuum cleaners.” 

– Homer Simpson
Eminem signals Biden support as campaign releases ‘Lose Yourself’ election ad As if the Trump bashing on a number of tracks wasn’t clear enough.
Ticketmaster.. I'm trying to buy a $25 ticket to Streetlight Manifesto and you're charging TWENTY DOLLARS in fees... Seriously?? I hear ya buddy. Spent $35 in fees for a $43 ticket for a reggae show last summer. I miss the old days of standing outside a record store for when ticket sales started Fri at 4pm. No fees and made new friends who were going to be at the show. 
Forgotify Only Plays Spotify Songs That No One Has Ever Played Before I got a Mozart song. I guess it's not that surprising. There are probably hundreds of Mozart albums on Spotify since every classical musician is making them.
Canada's Competition Bureau sues Ticketmaster for inflating ticket prices with mandatory fees The only way to buy tickets is online. 

$25 "convenience fee" for ordering online.
Fans trying to get Green Day’s ‘American Idiot’ to No. 1 for Trump’s UK visit [The U.K. have  a tendency in getting songs to the top to wind people up]  (https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/music/2009/dec/20/rage-against-machine-christmas-number-1) 

[And especially so for politics] (http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-22145306)
Bruno Mars donates $1 million to help Flint water crisis I always knew Mars had water hidden somewhere
112 hour playlist of the most recognizable songs of all time! Great for road trips ;) I had something like this...about 80 different songs but all my favorites.  And they brought together a real kismet moment. My grandmother had passed and I was driving out to Texas to attend the funeral since I thought the drive will let me work out a few things.  I decide to head out of LA and cross the desert in the middle of the night.

So it's about 3 AM and I am firmly across the border and in the midst of the Arizona desert when I look up and see a meteor shower.  I think cool, so I just pull off an exit and I find a little dirt runout.

Just as I shut off my motor and lights, the playlist randomly rotates....Floyd's Wish You Were Here.  

So there I am all alone in the pitch black watching meteors burn into our atmosphere and Gilmour just rolling out of my speakers singing about the loss of his old friend Syd.  And I sat on the hood of my car and grinned as tears streamed from my eyes.  

I know cheesy...but god damn, ever sense then "Wish You Were Here" gives me goosebumps.  It was...perfect in an imperfect situation.

Edit:a word
Travis Scott should be charged with manslaughter. Who knew that Dethklok would be a premonition for Travis Scott. He’ll stop the show when someone steals his shoe, but not when the audience is literally dying.
Elon Musk’s partner, Grimes, receives a $90,000 Canadian arts grant while living in California with the world second richest person And when a disabled person gets married their benefits stop.
Travis Scott’s Offer To Pay Funeral Expenses Rejected By 9-Year-Old Victim’s Family *Rubs forehead
“Weird Al” Yankovic is getting a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame [deleted]
Elon Musk Is Sending A Tesla Roadster Playing David Bowie To Mars Today Bowie playing Nikola Tesla in the Prestige has now come full circle. 

Edit: As suggested by /u/Dig-Dug-E-Fresh, here's a link to the actual live stream:
https://youtu.be/m2p55BmwmJM
BREAKING: Joni Mitchell has followed Neil Young’s lead and removed her music from Spotify. "Irresponsible people are spreading lies that are costing people their lives. I stand in solidarity with Neil Young and the global scientific and medical communities on this issue." If Neil and Joni get Gordon Lightfoot in it’ll be a Canadian folk boycott hat trick
Linkin Park succeeds in getting fan-made Trump campaign ad pulled from Twitter That would be a hell of a title to try and process just five years ago.
Super Bowl Halftime Show Marred By Functioning Sound System Why did he take off his shirt?
Family of Tom Petty issues cease and desist to Trump's campaign. They said the president cannot use the song "I Won't Back Down" to further a campaign that leaves Americans and common sense behind. [removed]
Dr. Dre Suffers Brain Aneursym and is in ICU in L.A. >Our sources say the 55-year-old music mogul is stable and lucid, but doctors don't know what caused the bleeding and they are doing a battery of tests.

Stable and lucid is good. It sounds like he got to the hospital quickly.
This subreddit is so unfun and lifeless because of the regulations. Agreed. I've tried so many times to post videos of legitimate, interesting music that I hope people will like or generate discussion on. And 90% of the time it gets removed. It's incredibly hard and frustrating to sucesfully post on this sub...and then Toto's 'Africa' goes to the front page for the thousandth time. Fuck this sub.

Edit: even if Africa itself had been banned, there's still a bunch of others like Call Me Al that we see all the time. And as for modern ones, Nobody Speak by DJ Shadow and RTJ etc. I mean, they're good songs, but they're spammed a lot.
Lady Gaga reveals she was pregnant after being raped at 19 by her producers, causing a "total psychotic break." Damn, that's fucked up.
Eminem was interviewed by the Secret Service over his anti-Trump lyrics and then rapped along when they read them to him I love the part where it says "Mathers was familiar with the song", as if he's not the person who fucking wrote and performed it.
Neil Young opposes use of his music at Trump Mt Rushmore event: 'I stand in solidarity with the Lakota Sioux' I mean, Neil Young isn't going to let any conservative politician use his music...
Cardi B Indicted on Felony Charges in Connection With Strip Club Attack She turned down a plea bargain which might have included no jail time and no felony charges. I’m guessing she thinks she can beat this at trial.
Dolly Parton rejected Trump’s offer of Presidential Medal of Freedom — twice Everyone is reporting this really poorly. They’re saying Biden has offered it. She never said they had reached out. The hosts said Obama has remarked that not giving her the award was his “biggest mistake” as president, and would reach out to his friend, Joe and ask him to award it. She then remarked that she was offered twice by Trump, and then said that it wouldn’t be appropriate to accept it now. [Even the Today Show did it](https://www.today.com/popculture/dolly-parton-turned-down-presidential-medal-freedom-twice-t207752)
‘Lean On Me,’ ‘Lovely Day’ singer Bill Withers dies at 81 May he rest in peace. He will be greatly missed.
Avicii’s Family Launches Mental Illness and Suicide-Prevention Foundation in His Memory Serious question.  Was Avicii mentally ill before he was famous? Or did fame have a profound negative effect on his mental wellbeing?  
Kanye West faces multi-million-dollar lawsuits for mistreating and refusing to pay employees not very christ like
Kendrick Lamar has won the Pulitzer Prize for music for "DAMN" the first non-classical or jazz artist to win the award. Pulitzer Prize winning Kung Fu Kenny.
Tom Morello, Michael Stipe, Incubus and More Sign Letter to Support Net Neutrality "Now testify!!"
AC/DC member Malcolm Young has passed away **WE SALUTE YOU**
Steven Tyler demands Trump stop playing Aerosmith at rallies So do artists generally not own the copyrights to their songs in the recording industry? This seems to be a thing a lot.  Is it just a thing where the label is the one licensing this stuff and the artists have no legal say?
Rapper MF DOOM has reportedly passed away. RIP Viktor Vaughn, King Geedorah, MF DOOM - the illest villian.
Kid Rock’s Nashville Bar Loses Beer Permit Over COVID Violations Just to clarify, the bar is owned by Steve Smith, who owns several more bars in downtown Nashville as well.  I believe KR just licenses his name.
Ireland bans reselling tickets for more than face value St. Patrick finished with the snakes, now he's taking on the scalpers.
Green Day - American Idiot [Rock] [Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNKgF05F18w) the uncensored version. 
Chance the Rapper is turning down '$10m offers' to stay independent LOL record companies throwing money at him so he won't continue to prove they aren't needed anymore. 
British Protesters Aim To Get Green Day Song ‘American Idiot’ To No. 1 On Day Donald Trump Arrives In The U.K. Unfortunately for them, Three Lions is going to be #1 for the rest of the year due to football coming home.
Beck has disavowed himself from the Church of Scientology I’m really happy now because I love Beck but I hate Scientology so things have always felt a little complicated.
Cranberries Dolores O'Riordan has died [deleted]
Eminem’s response to MGK Mr Shady I don't feel so good

༼ つ ◕_ ◕ ༽つ

༼ つ ◕_ ◕ ::;:.::..:. . . . . . . .

༼ つ ◕_ :;:.::..:. . . . . . . . . . . . . .

༼ つ :;:.::..:::....:.:... . . . . . . . .

༼ ;::,':;:.::..:::....:.:... . . . . . . . . .

:,':;:.::..:::....:.:... . . . . .

;.::. .:. : ... . .

.. . .

.
Rammstein's guitarists kiss onstage during Russia performance to protest anti-LGBTQ laws That's Rammstein for ya.

They could have also just performed Buck Dich like they do when not in the US. That would've worked.
'Pharma Bro' Shkreli Has to Forfeit Secret Wu-Tang Album So when is the US Government gonna drop these hot albums.

 I keep getting excited for a slip up in the ownership of these.
TIL that there hasn't been a single year since 2004 that 'Mr Brightside' by the Killers hasn't been in the UK charts. It spent 35 consecutive weeks in there between 2016 - 2017. This explains why I kept hearing it EVERYWHERE while I was in the UK. 
Spotify will soon let you mute and block artists I wonder what artist/band will be the most muted and blocked. 
[BREAKING] Iced Earth guitarist Jon Schaffer wanted by police for storming US Capitol For any iced earth fans feeling conflicted if it makes you feel better i was an r kelly fan.
Jimmy Page Says Previously Unreleased Led Zeppelin Material Will See the Light of Day in 2018 I would be surprised if it were more than just scratchy demos and studio warmups. 
Weird Al announces tour consisting of no costumes, no videos, no frills, and only original songs: THE RIDICULOUSLY SELF-INDULGENT, ILL-ADVISED VANITY TOUR. Maybe now we'll finally see if Weird Al will make it in the music industry  
Eminem is the first and only artist to have 9 consecutive number 1 albums His ninth consecutive UK Number 1 album breaks the record for the most consecutive chart toppers that he held with Led Zeppelin and ABBA.
Britney Spears vows to sue her father for 'abuse' after being freed I hope she also goes after Lou Taylor, that person seems like a very shady character after being repeatedly involved trying to put various celebs into these positions.
Judge Denies R. Kelly's Request for Coronavirus Release, Says He Is a 'Danger to the Community' “Which community?”

“Pick one”
Toto has covered Weezer’s “Hash Pipe” and plans to release it in the next few weeks They should form a mash up band and call it “Tweezer”
Eminem's 'Kamikaze' Heads For Chart-Topping Records, Boosting $100 Million Fortune “I sound like a broken record every time I break a record.”
"Weird Al" Yankovic to recieve star on Hollywood walk of fame. He didn't already have one?!
Panic! At The Disco's Brendon Urie: "Dear Trump Campaign. Fuck you. You're not invited. Stop playing my song." | Brendon took to Twitter after Trump walked on stage at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona to Panic!'s 'High Hopes' This happens every time there's a Trump Rally.
Ozzy Osbourne reveals he has been diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease. Well he's 71, he's done pretty well considering the industry/lifestyle.  He'll continue to live long and rock on I'm sure.
Whoever created the tradition of not seeing the bride in the wedding dress beforehand saved countless husbands everywhere from hours of dress shopping and will forever be a hero to all men. I read that this tradition exists because in the past women were basically "traded" into a richer family by marriage. They were kept far away from the guy because the poorer family didn't want to risk him not liking her looks and backing out. That's also essentially the origin of why brides wear veils.
We laugh at dogs getting excited when they hear a bark on TV, but if TV was a nonstop stream of unintelligible noises and then someone suddenly spoke to you in your language, you'd be pretty fucking startled too. Happens quite often when watching foreign TV as a native English speaker, as they tend to just randomly drop in words that are used in their language as they have no equivalent to the English word. Doesn't stop me barking at the TV when it happens..
When you're a kid, you don't realize you're also watching your mom and dad grow up. One of the hardest things about reaching adulthood is seeing your parents less and less, and seeing them age more and more each time you see them
Dads probably bond with dogs so much because, in our society, men don’t get shown a lot of affection but dogs give tons of affection regardless So, when I became 18, I snapped out of any teen angst I might've had. While I was in that stage, I was really hard on my dad. My sister and mom were too — I think the latter doing so partially led to me doing the same. It took me snapping out of it to realise that and I felt horrible when I did. He was doing the best he could. He'd managed to provide a roof, money, and whatnot for two decades without so much as a "Thank you."

On Christmas Day, I wrote my dad a note telling him that I now appreciate all he's done and continues to do for us, apologised for being hard on him for years and promised that I would never treat him that way again. It was essentially just a note to tell him "Thanks," and I paired it with a "No. 1 Dad" mug — because it had never felt right to get him anything like that before then.

He absolutely balled his eyes out reading the note and opening the mug. Because of that, I nearly did the same. Then he came over and gave me a hug. It's the only time I can remember hugging my dad without it being a "Goodbye," but rather just an "I love you"-hug. It's also the only time I've seen him cry other than when our longtime pet cat died — and even then, he didn't do that openly and in front of us. Since then, he has been noticeably happier and our relationship is absolutely ten times better than it was.

This is all to say that I can attest to dads having it tough and being taken for granted. Somewhat off-topic I guess but it was enough to remind me of the whole thing. There was more to it than I mentioned, like that he wasn't a paragon himself, but that's the gist.

**TL;DR: Don't be too hard on your dad and let him know that you appreciate him, for fuck's sake.\***
Being able to tolerate the sound of your own voice in a video is probably the highest form of self acceptance. I was on a Zoom meeting with my coworkers recently and I kept hearing an echo of my voice on their devices, and I just kept thinking to myself, good god, how do these people tolerate listening to me on a regular basis.
Girls don't compliment guys because they're likely to take it non-platonically, guys take it non-platonically because it happens so infrequently they don't know how to handle it The last compliment I had was after I shaved all my hair off and a woman said I had a 'nicely shaped head'. That was about a year ago, still holding on to that one.
If elevators hadn't been invented, all the CEOs and important people would have their offices on the first floor as a sign of status. That's what high rise housing was like before the elevators were invented.  Cheapest accomodations on the top floor.
If EA suffers big enough losses from the backlash of Battlefront 2, and it all started because some guy couldn't unlock Vader, this will be the second time Anakin brought balance to something. Anakin has already paid an arm and some legs for all of this.
Being able to do well in high school without having to put in much effort is actually a big disadvantage later in life. Tell me about it. "I didn't study at all and still got an A!"

*Tries music lessons*

Why don't my fingers remember how to play this?! I studied TWO WHOLE DAYS!
During a nuclear explosion, there is a certain distance of the radius where all the frozen supermarket pizzas are cooked to perfection. For those rare individuals who lack access to a microwave but have access to a nuclear arsenal.
Anxiety is like when video game combat music is playing but you can't find any enemies. "You can't sleep now; there are monsters nearby."
Pavlov probably thought about feeding his dogs every time someone rang a bell. Every time I see the word "Pavlov", I think about a dog.
We do not check the refrigerator multiple times to find new food, we check to see if our standards have dropped enough to eat what was available. Am I "ketchup sandwich" hungry yet?
The sentence "Don't objectify women" has "women" as the object of the sentence. "You have become the very thing you swore to destroy."
Somebody at google was just like "yea, just have someone drive down every road on fucking earth". "You know how many fucking roads there are!?"

"Fine, we'll make the car drive itself."
College students don't want to go to graduation ceremonies, but they go to please their relatives, while relatives don't want to go but go to support the students; we should all just be honest and skip that ceremony and go out for pizza. Bro noooo. My parents helped me pay for my education and I told my mom I didn’t want to walk at my graduation and just have it sent in the mail or whatever and she was like “You will march your ass on up there and smile nice a big while I get pictures. This shit was not cheap and you’ll stay up there until I have a good picture from every angle. I don’t give a shit if you do a backflip up there or cry or shit your pants but you’re walking”
There is probably at least one white guy, adopted and raised in China, who speaks English with a Chinese accent and strangers just assume he’s a total asshole Mom's hairdresser is a Chinese woman who grew up in India. She speaks English with an Indian accent. It must throw off a lot if people.
Apparently, a lemon is not naturally occurring and is a hybrid developed by cross breeding a bitter orange and a citron. Life never gave us lemons; we invented them all by ourselves. So what you’re saying is that instead of life giving us lemons, we gave lemons life.
Being 35 and not wanting to work in the field for which you've prepared is like being half way through an RPG and realizing you've built out your skill tree all wrong and you can't respec and you can't make a new character and there will never be another video game again 43 here and I haven't even started the main quest. I keep getting distracted by side quests and farming.
It would be cool if after you died you could see the top 5 times you almost died. And a killcam.
It kinda makes sense that the target audience for fidget spinners lost interest in them so quickly I have a theory about this fidget spinner "failure" phenomenon. I never even wanted one or asked for one, and I have two in my possession. Maybe everyone in the world has what they need as far as this commodity is concerned
Avatar, the highest grossing film of all time, seems to have made zero impact on culture. No one references the movie and no one really talks about it since it was released 10 years ago. Except when my husband says “we are mated for life” in a Navi accent after having sex...
A guy named "Weird Al" has had a 40+ year long career with no allegations of sexual impropriety. One of my favorite stories I've heard about Weird Al was when the moment he realized he had finally 'made it.' This was in the early 80's. He had been invited to a music industry party and wasn't really sure if he would go or not. He didn't think anyone knew about him or cared. When he got the party, he heard someone yell from across the room, "Holy shit! It's Weird Al! Weird Al is here!" He looked over and saw it was actually Paul McCartney who yelled it.
We all think of Gordon Ramsay as an extremely picky food critic/chef but if your life's work was cooking and you saw a narcissistic restaurant manager breaking health code violations and making horrible food, you'd be pretty angry too. The US shows' editing really amp up his anger to hair-trigger levels. I forget which scene was it, but I once saw a side-by-side comparison of how it was shown in the US and in the UK. The US version made him seem very upset with the restaurant's chef, while in the UK version it seemed much more like playful banter.
The olympics is the only time when you hear "Great execution by North Korea" and it seems okay. "They've really isolated themselves from the rest of the competition, Dave."
In the anime, Ash Ketchum was supposed to be a huge Pokémon fan before he left on his journey. But every time he sees any kind of Pokémon, he has to pull out his Pokédex because he doesn’t know what it is. Ash Ketchum was a poser before he left on his journey. Internet reviewer Suede pointed this out in a recent review of a Pokemon episode: the fact that Ash actually remembered he saw a Lapras before and remembers what a Lapras is a huge anomaly.
You aren't paid according to how hard you work, you are paid according to how hard you are to replace I’m going to add in how easily the person who employs you “thinks” you are to replace.  Or “thinks” how valuable to an organization.  I remember seeing really awesome hard working people let go and the place collapsing after they left but the employer just said “eh, we’ll just find someone else”.  That person was near impossible to replace in the end.
Since there are 3600 seconds in an hour, and most people make less than $36.00/hr, their time is worth less than a penny per second. It's literally worth your time to pick up a penny from the ground. In jr high there was a math teacher who swore by this to the point where kids would roll coins on the ground to watch him pick it up.
The syllables in “on your mark, get set, go” are a countdown You've just peeled another layer off the English language onion I didn't know existed.
Security at every level of an airport is absolutely ridiculous. Until you get to the baggage claim. Then it’s just like take whatever bag you want. I wonder how often "lost luggage" is simply stolen at the baggage claim?
Being a real grown up isn’t cooking a fancy dinner, it’s having a clean kitchen when you go to bed after cooking a fancy dinner. TIL I'm a 37 year old child
Most of the trash you see on the ground is unhealthy food packaging because people who don’t care about their own health don’t care about the Earth’s either. Also unhealthy food is more likely to come in 12 tons of plastic packaging
Coffee makes you hyper, but coffee shops are designed for people to chill, whereas alcohol is a depressant but bars and clubs are designed for people to be energetic. These places are designed for how you feel when you want to go there, not when you leave.
Night before a day off is more satisfying than the actual day off. Anticipating an awesome holiday does more for you mental health than the actual holiday, and so does remembering a nice holiday...
Stan Lee’s funeral is going to be a reverse cameo where all the superheroes appear in the background of his story I feel like an artist could make a really good picture out of this thought 
Humans cannot even live in harmony with their own species and somehow still convince themselves that meeting an extra-terrestrial species would go smoothly Wait.... who ever said it would go smoothly?! You’ve seen sci-fi movies right? E.T is very much outnumbered by the aliens that want to exterminate us. That’s the general consensus, I believe.
The internet both almost killed off the postal service with email and then made it more needed than ever with online delivery I worked for Royal Mail for 5 years, and management kept saying that we used to be a letters company that also delivered parcels - but we were now a parcels company that also delivered letters. 
The spiders that live in Buckingham Palace now are probably the descendants of the spiders that lived there during Victorian times - it's a whole parallel royal family but with spiders "Spiders? WTF are you talking about?"

— Buckingham Palace cleaning staff.
Manuals for TVs are regarded as useless, but in five thousand years they are as valuable as the Rosetta Stone: it contains the same text in over 20 different languages and alphabets. Not anymore. These days you're lucky to get some pictograms and a link to a website.
Biting your tongue while eating is a perfect example of how you can still screw up, even with decades of experience. Same with choking on water you’re drinking. Still do that after 29 years of drinking water
If Eminem’s Mom wanted to she could probably make a good amount of money selling her own spaghetti sauce He made a pop-up at Coachella called moms spaghetti. The line was too long for me to try it, but I heard good things.
The biggest form of peer pressure as a kid wasn’t drugs, alcohol, or cigarettes. It came during exams when it was completely silent and you heard everyone turn to page 2 while you were still on the first question. Or the kids who are asking for more paper and you’ve only written 3 lines
Both sexes can fuck a Pringles can, but neither can do it well. If she gets a tube in right, he can get it the same tube too.   


Pringles Condom.
We give rude elderly people the benefit of the doubt because they've been through a lot, but there's a decent chance that old person has been an asshole their whole life. Had a lady in her maybe 70's behind me in line at the bakery. She had to wait more than 5 minutes, because the coffee machine was out of milk (I wanted a latte to go) and she just started cursing at the poor employee, who was trying to manage everything on her own - phone calls, register, coffee machine, and serving.

I instantly thought she is an asshole. Nothing is an excuse for being an asshole. Being calm, friendly and patient is not something you are born with, you have to practice to achieve it.
Google earth is one of the most incredible things ever created by man but is taken for granted as if it were nothing. This is how most technology is if you think about it. Once it becomes normal and the novelty wears off, everyone's just like "meh, whatever."
Thermometers are speedometers for atoms *electron whizzes by*

*Flourine policeman stops them*

F: Do you know why I stopped you today, electron?

E: Because I complete you?

Edit: I can tell Florida Man memes have corrupted all of you since I have 50 damned "Read this as Florida policeman" messages.
One of the most frustrating feelings in the world is being smart enough to know there’s a better way to do something but not smart enough to invent a way to do it. "There's got to be a better way!"
As a kid, teenagers seemed so big and scary because in most TV shows they were actually played by adults in their 20s. It's really weird to look back at shows and movies and be like, you were 28 talking about making out, pretending to be a ditsy teenie bopper, smoking the pot, and being cool.
Smoking kills you, but the actual “act” of smoking is a very healthy practice - leave a stressful environment, go outside for five minutes and take deep breaths. I spent a lot of my youth working in restaurants and bars. Worked with this one straight edge kid in Austin who would come out with us for a "pretend cigarette". He'd just kick it with us, maybe play with a pretzel stick or pen and ash it. 

But he was ahead of his time. He wanted a smoke break, without the smoke, so he took em
Tinder is the opposite of porn site advertisements. There actually are a ton of hot singles in my area, but none of them are interested in me. Try Grinder. It's a totaly different ball game over there.  
People who jog on the roads in the dark, wearing dark clothing and no lights or reflectors are a unique combination of a person who cares about their health and well-being and doesn’t care about their health and well-being. Ninja training.
The implication of a hotdog being puréed meat in animal casing (intestine) is that a hotdog doesn’t stop being a hotdog even after we eat it. By that conclusion, we, as the hotdog’s casing, become hotdogs ourselves when we eat hotdogs. What a horrible day to be  literate!
Superman’s most unappreciated power is his extraordinary fine motor skill. He has almost unlimited strength and can literally move mountains, yet is also able to shake someone’s hand without inadvertently ripping off their arm. They just don't show those moments.  Its in his contract.
In the Harry potter universe, couples could take polyjuice potion and swap bodies then have sex to see what it's like from both perspectives. Imagine the market for celebrity hair clippings.  
Watching a graduation ceremony is like sitting through a movie thats entirely end credits Just graduated from college last week. There were 1089 graduates in my ceremony alone, and 4400 total throughout the weekend. The last kid to have his name called got a standing ovation from everyone because we all knew it was finally over. The kid knew it too, as he was throwing his arms up and everything. 
The kids growing up gaming on tablets are going to have all the internet addiction without any of the computer skills. But their thumbs will be deadly!
You know you’re an adult when you miss trash day and it ruins your entire week. No one in my city can be an adult because our trash gets picked up 7 days a week.
In a span of a few years our parents go from telling us "sex is bad" to "I want grandkids" And from "Don't make me feel old" to "Make me a grandparent"
On a galactic scale, amber and pearl are far rarer than gold and diamonds because they require life. My poop is much rarer than gold and I can still not sell it for 60'000 $/kg.
It must suck to be an air conditioner repairman. You spend your day working in buildings that have no air conditioning. When it's fixed and finally cool, you leave. As an A.C. repair/install guy this is probably the most frustrating thought. So we try not to think about it.
The Porn sites in the Star Wars Universe must have sooooo many categories. Many Bothans died to bring us this pornography.
The fact that the death of a scientist is headline news worldwide is in some ways the most fitting tribute Stephen Hawking could possibly have. Hopefully he'll inspire a lot of kids to dream big. This kind of exposure almost guarantees that somebody out there just learned of this great man for the first time 
Running from the cops is the ultimate double or nothing. "Alright, guys. Best of three.
Talent shows like Britain's got talent become much more disturbing when you realise that it's just 4 rich people dangling money in front of poor people and telling them to dance for their entertainment. It reminds me of that black mirror episode that took this a bit further into a dystopian future.
When people brokenly speak a second language they sound less intelligent but are actually more knowledgeable than most for being able to speak a second language at all. I brokenly spoke french in Paris. The waittress told me to just speak English. I did not feel intelligent
There is no physical evidence to say that today is Wednesday, we all just have to trust that someone has kept count since the first one ever. r/me_irl is keeping track of Wednesdays, my dude
The tallest person in the world has physically experienced being the exact height of every other person in the world at some point Ahh I remember when I was your height
Your future self is talking shit about you This is dangerously close to being inspirational
The first person who inhaled helium must have been so relieved when the effects wore off Maybe the first person who inhaled helium was really disappointed when the effects wore off.....
At the age of 60, Snoop Dogg will be 420 in dog years And we'll never know since he's been in a weed induced time-lock for decades now
Placing hand sanitizers in elevators would probably increase there usage simply because people have nothing else to do. Where I live they had to stop using public hand sanitizer stations because the homeless people kept stealing them to get drunk. Just thought I'd put that out there
Being an adult is eating the crust not because you like it, but because you paid for it. Give me the bread bones! 
Nobody cares if their deodorant is 24 hour or 48 hour, they are still going to apply it once a day My brand says its 48hr protection but on the back says to achieve 48hr protection apply every 12hrs.....
Sunny D tastes like someone made a bet that they could make orange juice without oranges Orange drink 
People who don't understand how Clark Kent can pass as superman have never seen Tony Hawk without a skateboard Tony Hawk without a skateboard is just Anthony Falcone
Replying "k" in morse "-.-", has the same passive aggressive tone Titanic : "S.O.S.!"  
Carpathia: "K."   
The weird, artsy, loner usually gets the girl in movies (instead of the jock) simply because many movies are written by weird, artsy, loners. I feel like you just watched revenge of the nerds and are twitching
Both concrete and glass are mostly made of sand which makes skyscrapers just really tall sandcastles If Anakin knew that, he'd slightly dislike Coruscant, assuming the process is the same.
Today Is The Mondayest Thursday Ever. Wait til next week.
Monopoly would be more realistic if the person with the most money got to change the rules whenever they liked That is the way you play monopoly when you play monopoly with my wife. 
Worms in apples has been less of a problem than what we expected as kids. I remember as a kid my grandmother had an apple tree. Worms WERE a problem
Edit: by the way these weren't even eating apples. They were cooking apples
Being with people who don't listen is lonelier than being alone. When you’re in a group of 3 and are being ignored or generally left out, that’s real loneliness
Dads tell cheesy jokes not because humour gets worse with age, but because the more life experience you have, the more value you place on anything that might make someone laugh, even if it's at your own expense. Plus, watching kids groan and roll their eyes is so satisfying.
Wikipedia built the biggest modern information hub using nothing but nerds' need to correct each other. Tis a powerful force you speak of.
USPS could make more money if they put post offices in airports so instead of throwing something out that you forgot was in your bag you could mail it home. denver international airport has this! it's great. i've used it more than once
Telling kids that a cop will arrest you as a disciplinary tool, then expecting kids to tell a cop if something bad is happening to them, must be confusing as hell. My mother said this to me when i was really young, probably a toddler. I was being a little shit like many kids in a store and there was a cop and she said cop will arrest you etc, I started crying and he came over and my mum explained it to him what happened. He told her not to do that since if kids were in trouble they wouldnt ever go to a cop for assitance
When medication says "do not operate heavy machinery" they're probably mainly referring to cars, but my mind always goes to forklift. and while in my daily life I rarely operate any heavy machinery, reading the warning makes me want to.
People who respond with "That's not how the world works" when told to be nice are the reason that's not how the world works. I agree, but I try to be honest and a good person hoping that maybe other people might do the same, but I don’t really do it for them, I do it because I hate people and I would hate myself if I let myself behave like them. I can sleep at night knowing that I try to be a good person.

Edit: since this I getting a lot of feedback, I wanted to add the two quotes that helped motivate and reinforce this thought for me

1. "He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you."-Nietzsche
2. "No man is an island entire of itself; every man 
is a piece of the continent, a part of the main; 
if a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe 
is the less, as well as if a promontory were, as 
well as any manner of thy friends or of thine 
own were; any man's death diminishes me, 
because I am involved in mankind. 
And therefore never send to know for whom 
the bell tolls; it tolls for thee." -John Donne
If people from the Star Wars universe ever came to Earth, the fact that it has deserts, rain forests, prairies, tundras AND oceans would probably be a real mind fuck for them. George Lucas: Ok so the next set piece is Endor

Artists: Ok, what's that like?

George Lucas: It's a forest. So next is Hoth, which--

Artists: Wait, hold up. What else is there besides a forest? The whole planet can't be--

George Lucas: NEXT IS HOTH, WHICH IS *SNOWY*.
The ten years between 25 and 35 are far shorter than the four years between 14 and 18. Me, 24: That doesn't sound good.
An onion is the bass player of food. You would probably not enjoy it solo, but you’d miss it if it wasn’t there. Well, i often listen to bass solos alone in my room and cry
Before radios, tvs, and smartphones people never knew there were so many dumb people out there. They just thought it was that one guy in town. More like: dumb people couldn’t get together and encourage each others’ dumbness to even greater extremes.
If you were invisible, you could have a perfectly normal relationship with a blind person Except in public people would see him talking to nobody and think he's crazy.
Single Player games that don’t require internet are going to be extremely valuable during the apocalypse "*Connecting to Ubisoft Uplay servers........."*
Anybody that questions why you are shoveling six inches of snow in the *middle* of a snowstorm hasn't shoveled twelve inches of snow at the end of a snowstorm. Not to mention the longer it sits the quicker it all freezes together and then it's really a PITA to remove it. 
LPT: if a friend or a family member gets diagnosed with dementia or alzheimer, in the early stages try to find out what their favorite songs of all time are. In this way you would be able to create a playlist for them that could be of great benefit in the later stages of the disease. Oh man, I used to hang out with my grandma who had advanced dementia and I was the only person who knew how to make her happy. She would talk in nonsense so I spoke in nonsense right back.

Also, I would sing songs with her. She was really into music so it brought her a lot of joy.
LPT: If you like one song by an artist, but don't dig the rest of their stuff. find out who the producer is and see what other work they've done. The producer can play a big role in how the final song turns out. Jeez... where were you with this advice 30 years ago? I have no idea how many tapes and then dvds I bought, on the strength of a single, only to joylessly play the rest of the album trying to convince myself I like ANY of the rest of it.
LPT: Pay Attention to the smell of your home when you come back from a trip - that's what it smells like to guests all the time, you just get used to it. I did a 3 week releif management of a pub for some friends who were going on holiday a couple of years ago. The previous landlord had a dog who lived in the flat upstairs who didn't get let out enough and the poor pooch used to piss *everywhere*.

When my friends took over the pub they had the carpets shampooed but it didn't really make any difference. When you wlaked into the flat the smell of dog piss was *overwhelming* and this was over a *year* after the dog had left.

I honestly didn't think I would be able to live there, and I have a fairly high squalor threshold. 

Anyway, I needn't have worried, by the time the 3 weeks were up the flat kind of smelled.... a *bit* musty and dog pissy. 

I was absolutely astonished by how much I had become accustomed to it.
LPT If you ever forget your WiFi password or you want to get your school WiFi password etc. Just type this command into the command line of a computer already connected to that WiFi: netsh wlan show profile WiFi-name key=clear >netsh wlan show profile * key=clear 

works to get all profiles
LPT: for those of you going to college for the first time this month: GO TO CLASS! No matter how hungover, tired, or busy you may be, being present is the most important factor in succeeding in your first year as you adjust to living independently. Missing class is a slippery slope to failing out. Sleep more than you study. 

Study more than you party.

Party as much as possible. 

- words I found on reddit that I wish I followed. 
LPT: X percent of Y is equal to Y percent of X. So, if you want to find out what 7% of 50 is, you could instead find out what 50% of 7 is, which is 3.5. This means that 7% of 50 is also equal to 3.5. I just multiply the two and put the decimal where I think it looks like it should be
LPT : If you are asked to create an account in order to continue browsing a website, hit F12 and click on the dim area, this would select it and you can delete it with DEL key, hit F12 again and resume your browsing. In Chrome, press Ctrl+Shift+c, to instantly select elements.
LPT: If you're trying to explain net neutrality to someone who doesn't understand, compare it to the possibility of the phone company charging you more for calling certain family members or businesses. I thought we were going with the cable tv analogy where you would have prepackaged bundles that you had you pay more for certain content

E: which is exactly what no one wants
LPT: wear a helmet. I know many kids and adults think they’re stupid. Be really smart and look stupid in helmets. Brain damage is no joke. I'm sorry to hear about your son.

In an addendum to you LPT.

# Helmets are single use items. If you fall and hit your head, they should be replaced even if they visibly look fine.

I understand that they are expensive, and if you're clumsy that cost can add up. But that cost is still less than hospital visits and permanent injuries. 

Don't throw your helmets off the ground. That can damage them enough such that they will not work properly - to disperse the force away from your head, much like crumple zones in vehicles are designed to minimize force to the passengers.

Edit: lots of comments asking about specifics. 

Different manufacturers produce different products. They would know more than an internet stranger. Helmets are not a buy it for life (though you should buy it to *save* your life!) item though in that they should not last forever. As many have pointed out, they have a lifespan both in terms of expiration and force applied. Different styles of helmets also have different recommendations.

In general, my internet stranger's recommendation is that if you fall and hit your head hard enough to think you are glad you had a helmet on, you should absolutely look into a replacement, or at the very least, see what the manufacturer recommends. Follow up with the manufacturer as well, some offer discounts for replacing. Some helmets are designed for repeated "small" hits, but probably not reusing after skiing and crashing into a tree. If you just tap your head on a garage door walking out, you are probably fine. This was just intended as a PSA for those who may not be aware.
LPT: Be careful who you vent to in work. Just because they listen, it doesn't mean that they're your friend or have your best interests at heart. I always assume I'm being overheard by my boss or my grandma. Work is like Jr High, but everyone there is getting paid.
LPT: After a bad break up, do 10 things that your ex would never do with you. You'll feel better and realize how much of yourself was being held back. On the flip side of this, ask your SO what their 10 things would be, and try and do that with them to strengthen your relationship. Maybe you’ll find out you don’t actually hate something
LPT: If you have illegal drugs in your system and find yourself in the hospital PLEASE be honest and disclose exactly what you've taken or what you believe you've taken. Care providers are not the police; the quality of your outcome might depend on such information. I can’t list the number of times I’ve asked about drug use, been told no, then they admit recent drug use when I get them on the monitor and their heart rate is in the high 100s.  

One dude I was called to, unresponsive on a bus.  I shook him awake and he just looked at me annoyed.  “Did you shoot uo today?” I asked.  He responded matter-of-factly “I shoot up every day.”  Now THAT is honesty lol
LPT: Librarians aren't just random people who work at libraries they are professional researchers there to help you find a place to start researching on any topic. "Give me everything you have on Beyblade."
LPT: If you want to learn a new language, figure out the 100 most frequently used words and start with them. Those words make up about 50% of everyday speech, and should be a very solid basis. I think learning the proper conjugations of verbs is also pretty important, but with the basic 100 words and no conjugation skills you could get your point across. It would be like saying "I was running" vs "I were running". Not correct, but you can understand it. 
LPT: if you need somewhere to work/relax with friendly staff, nice AC, plenty of seating, free WiFi, and available all across the US, you’re in luck! There are more public libraries in the US than there are Starbucks or McDonalds! And you’re under no obligation to buy anything to sit there Most also have small group meeting rooms you can reserve.
LPT: Keep a separate master resume with ALL previous work experience. When sending out a resume for application, duplicate the file and remove anything that may be irrelevant to the position. You never know when some past experience might become relevant again, and you don’t want to forget about it. [removed]
LPT: Greyhound racing is now illegal in Florida after the midterm, which will leave a lot of good dogs in need of homes. If you're considering adopting a dog, please research Greyhounds and see if they'd be right for your family. I have a retired racer and she's the best thing that's ever happened to me. So calm and tolerant. She's just happy 100% of the time without a bone in her body that would do anyone harm. It's a bit different than adopting a normal dog since they dont know how to house, stairs, or dog in general but the transition doesnt take long. They catch on quick. Also they generally come already crate trained, housebroken, and used to being manipulated by humans (think vet trips and nail trims). The only drawbacks are the thin skin already mentioned and poor teeth that need to be brushed regularly. 

Edit: also check out r/greyhounds for more info and cute pics!
LPT: If you are given a prepaid debit card as a gift, save it after you spend the money. You can use it to sign up for free trials online without worry of being scammed. Keep a dollar or two on it, some sites "verify" the card by taking a dollar and refunding it immediately.
Lpt: To all young teenagers looking for their first job, do not have your parents speak or apply for you. There's a certain respect seeing a kid get a job for themselves. Teenagers? I am a hiring manager and Ive had the parents of people in their THIRTIES call me to help their kid, with a few even asking why I didnt hire them.

If your parent calls for you I will not hire you.
Join the Battle for Net Neutrality!! We need to stop them from allowing ISPs to charge us extra fees to access ebooks, games or anything else! So if you haven't already, there's a bot you can text, that helps you write an email or a fax, free of charge, to your senator, or governor. Text "resist" to "504-09" and it'll ask you some questions, then you're onto writing. From another thread a few weeks ago, someone posted this message, and it think it's a great one to send. 

"Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.

Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture. 

Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."

I'd love to credit the user, but have lost the comment, but please, go send some faxes, show your politicians you want net neutrality to stay.

* Share away! Seriously only takes a few minutes of your time.. You can also find this Bot on Facebook Messenger "ResistBot"
It's July 29, 2020, the day George R.R. Martin said we could imprison him if Winds Of Winter wasn't done I remember first getting into the books after the television series started. I read through them pretty quickly, and enjoyed them a lot. Never really watched the TV show at all. But a bit of time had passed since I read the last one, and Winds of Winter was due up soon, so I said, "Man, this story is so big, I think I need to reread everything so I can prepare for Winds of Winter. I better bust my hump to get them all read before the book comes out next year."

I think that was maybe 2014?
Amazon removes books promoting autism cures and vaccine misinformation Didn’t this just get mentioned as something that should happen just the other day on the Joe Rogan podcast?
‘Reading Rainbow’ Host LeVar Burton Wants to Read to Families for Free, Neil Gaiman Offers Entire Catalog LeVar Burton already has a podcast call "LeVar Burton Reads" where he reads short stories from different authors but he also has one for children too.

Edit: Sorry folks, I was certain that during his ad breaks in "LeVar Burton Reads" he talks about his kids version and when I went back to listen to an old episode the ad was replaced with a warning about COVID-19. That's my bad people.
In 2018 Jessica Johnson wrote an Orwell prize-winning short story about an algorithm that decides school grades according to social class. This year as a result of the pandemic her A-level English was downgraded by a similar algorithm and she was not accepted for English at St. Andrews University. This decision has actually been reversed, thankfully. Teacher assessments now determine grades.

Source: https://www.theguardian.com/education/2020/aug/17/a-levels-gcse-results-england-based-teacher-assessments-government-u-turn
The FCC is expected to announce a vote to gut net neutrality rules the day before Thanksgiving. Only a big burst of phone calls to Congress can stop them from allowing ISPs to charge us extra fees to access sites, apps, games, and ebooks. Is this fight ever gonna end?
Kids get a $2 discount if they read a book aloud to their barber while getting their haircut in Michigan "Today, I'm gonna be rea-"

**KEEP YOUR HEAD TILTED**
Textbook costs have risen nearly 1000% since the 70's So has tuition.  In the late 60s my father was able to pay for an entire with only the money he saved from a summer job.

EDIT:  Alot of people saying this is still possible if you work full time in summer and save every dime.  Theoretically yes you could pay tuition alone with that.  My dad lived alone, bought his own mercury Cougar, and still paid for his first of college every year.  Books and everything included.  Grandparents paid for the spring, that was their deal.
Elementary school principal reads books on Facebook to ensure her students have a bedtime story Inb4 penguin books copyright strike
McDonald’s Happy Meals Now Come With Roald Dahl Books Instead of Toys in New Zealand [deleted]
Simon & Schuster Cancels Plans for Senator Hawley’s Book What the hell was he going to write about that would compel people to buy his book.
Stephen King: ‘I have outlived most of my critics. It gives me great pleasure’ Stephen King also requests that we don't look for his critics underneath his freshly tilled garden.
LeVar Burton is being sued by "WNED" for saying "You don't have to take my word for it" On his podcast. Let's help him out! Is the man never allowed to say that phrase again?
Honestly it sounds like a pretty normal thing to say and I never would have associated it with reading rainbow. 
Banning literature in prisons perpetuates a system that ignores inmate humanity this shows me pretty clearly that prisons like these are not trying to make inmates into better, more productive members of society. if reform is your goal and an individual is pursuing knowledge in a productive way, it seems wrong to strip that away from them. it also bothers me when i talk about things like that and people comment on how they don't deserve proper treatment because they are criminals. "criminal" is a broad term that describes many different kinds of people. not everyone in jail is a monster.

[edit: if you are smart enough to point out the fact that none of this is a revelation and that "reform" hasn't been the primary goal of prisons in a long time, you should be smart enough to discern that this post is meant to illustrate the fact that that is a problem, not to present "corrupt criminal justice system" as a new concept. come on.

edit 2: phrasing.]
I hate when the back of a book is devoid of a synopsis and is replaced with critical acclaim “RIVETING!” - Hank McDowell or something

“A heartfelt read from start to finish.” - Patricia Clements probably 

And dont forget the

“New York Times #1 Best Seller”
"Too Much and Never Enough" by Mary Trump sells 950,000 on first day, setting a record for publisher Simon & Schuster That lawsuit, and all the coverage of the verdict, ended up providing S&S with a lot of free publicity. Moving the release date forward was a smart move.
Your Local Bookstore Wants You to Know It’s Struggling: “Buy books from people who want to sell books, not colonize the moon." Are there any small bookstores that sell online?
'The Great Gatsby' Enters The Public Domain, And The People Want A Muppets Version My favourite suggestion is that because the muppet films always have a human as a main character, they have Nick be played by Tobey Maguire again
Washington Department of Corrections Quietly Bans Book Donations to Prisoners From Nonprofits Heaven forbid a prisoner may use the time on their hands to do something which may improve themselves. This is so sad. I think reading would be the only thing that could keep prison remotely bearable.
“The Hitchhiker’s Guide To The Galaxy” turns 42 It turns 42 in Earth years, but keep in mind time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
rant: Stop putting movie images as the book covers! It's a marketing ploy. Someone has seen the movie sees the cover of the book with a picture from the movie and buys the book.
I guess it works but I totally agree with you that it it sucks a big weenie.
Mississippi schools back down on 'To Kill A Mockingbird' ban To Kill A Mockingbird was one of the few books my entire class actively discussed and was interested in when I read it in school
'Magic School Bus' author Joanna Cole dies at age 75 After graduating from City College of New York with a B.A. in psychology, Joanna she spent a year as a librarian in a Brooklyn elementary school. She said this experience, along with having a real-life teacher growing up that was reminiscent of Ms. Frizzle, inspired her books.   RIP.
Hundreds of writers and book agents sign joint letter demanding publishing industry bans Trump memoir No fan of trump either, but that is ridiculous ffs.
Nineteen Eighty-Four soars up Amazon's bestseller list after "alternative facts" controversy I really do appreciate everyone brushing up before making those 1984 references.
I'm dyslexic and I started off the year with the goal to read at least 1 book, I ended up reading 9! I am a dyslexic also. I learned to read the  summer I was in 5th grade. I enjoy reading but I am very very slow. I found books on tape back in the early 1990s and I have been addicted to them ever since. 

I have had an audible.com account since 2007 with over 1000 books. I am a welder so I can listen while I work. 

When I am at home I listen and read at the same time with my kindle. I do this with books that have a lot of names, poetry and most non-fiction.  

I can get lost when I can’t  keep track of people or I have trouble visualizing events. So some times have a who’s who cheat sheet (La Miserable and War and Peace) or I’ll just take notes.

Good luck this year.

Edit #1 Thank You for the Gold! I never expected anything like this. 
            For me learning to read was simple (HA HA)  once someone explained the basic rules. Over and over and over and over etc. The summer of 1975, 5th grade, 2 hours a day 4 days a week for whole summer. I spent the next 7 years working with tutors explaining the rules of reading, grammar and other stuff.

            As far as welding goes I use earbuds that look like safety earplugs. Welding generates a 60 Hz frequency that with long term exposure causes hearing loss. On a good day i'll get 8 hours of listening.

            For those who are looking for a tutor to help, please check if they are trained in the Orton-Gillingham method. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orton-Gillingham. Also I you can get a medical doctor to sign the paperwork, Dyslexics qualify for Recorded Books for the Blind.  

The library of the future: Every year for the next 100 years, 100 famous authors have pledged to each write a novel that will remain unpublished until the 22nd Century, when they will be published as part of a 'Library of the future' art project. For those who don't want to read the link: Margaret Atwood did the first one, David Mitchell the next. It's one author a year and they are contributing a "text" which they seal in a box, so it's not clear if each author had donated a novel, novella or short story, etc. And we'll probably never find out.

They also planted a forest which will be used to make paper to print the books next century, and a small room in a public library where they will be stored (unopened and inaccessible).

Also, it seems unlikely 100 authors really have pledged to participate, as the ones writing in 2110 are unlikely to be alive now.
Kids get a $2 discount if they read a book aloud to their barber while getting their haircut in Michigan Pops IRL
Star Wars Novelists Seek Years of Missing Royalty Payments From Disney That's a pretty serious stare, I think they should pay up
Inmates at Three New York Prisons Can't Receive Donated Books Anymore, They Have to Buy Them This is obtuse. I can see not accepting books sent directly from individuals, if they’ve been used for smuggling contraband in the past. But why not allow family members and community groups to order books from the vendors, shipped directly to the prison? 
Hilarious short quote about how Maurice Sendak (author/illustrator of Where the Wild Things Are) received what he calls the highest form of compliment by a child fan who wrote him. I loved his 2-part interview he did with Stephen Colbert. 

"I don't write for children. I write. And someone says, 'That's for children.'" 

"I didn't set out to make children happy. Or make life better for them. Or easier for them.... I like them as few and for between as I do adults. Maybe a bit more because I really don't like adults."

George RR Martin Says Coronavirus Has Led to More Work on The Winds of Winter A plague hits Westeros and kills everyone
This guy is building an open-source E-reader. Please support him. Wow, it's wild to see this project of mine on the front page! Also wild how literal the timing was; you posted this while I was [actually building one of the boards](https://twitter.com/josecastillo/status/1208127994893668353) this afternoon. 

Packing for a trip tonight but happy to answer folks' questions as much as I can. To preempt a few: 

* Open source software for Linux-based eReaders [does exist](https://github.com/koreader/koreader), but I'm trying to build open source hardware, the idea being that that anyone can buy the parts and build the whole thing themselves.
* It doesn't run Linux; in order to be as hand-solderable and simple as possible, it uses a SAMD51 microcontroller, which makes it more like a really powerful Arduino than an iPad.
* [The project page on Hackaday.io](https://hackaday.io/project/168761-the-open-book-feather) lists some of the specs. Things to be stoked about: microSD slot, MP3 playback, e-ink screen, physical buttons, global language support. Things that folks will be unhappy with: 1-bit display (no grayscale for now); no touchscreen, no backlight, no wifi. I've been making tradeoffs in order to make it both as affordable and as DIY friendly as I can, and while I know that's not everyone's cup of tea, the design is open source so that anyone can use it as a baseline to build a device that makes more sense for them.
* The software portion of things is still in its infancy; this is an idea I had earlier this year, and I'm proud of how far I've gotten the hardware, but we're still a ways out from the kind of user experience that the reporter described in this story. He didn't ask me any questions other than "can I use the photos", which is frustrating because I feel like he described a lot of capabilities that I hope one day to have, but that aren't nearly real yet.

[Here's the GitHub page](https://github.com/joeycastillo/The-Open-Book) where I commit all the work I'm doing day to day, and on the advice of a colleague, I set up [a mailing list](https://joeycastillo.us18.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=d31d40071448f3aa8acc39836&id=d9134648c8) where I plan to send out an update once I've nailed down manufacturing and this becomes a product you can actually buy (like if you don't want to solder one together yourself).
Millennials are the most likely generation of Americans to use public libraries. Does overdrive count? Thanks to that app I use the library more than I ever have!
'Price gouging from Covid': student ebooks costing up to 500% more than in print That's disgusting. Actually way beyond disgusting. The cost of college textbooks was disgusting price gouging to begin with. This? This is inhumanly, disgustingly greedy.
Stephenie Meyer's 'Twilight' novels, when translated into Chinese, were published with detailed footnotes explaining cultural references (Pop-Tarts, slumber parties, Ivy League colleges, Greek mythology, etc.); some took up more than half the page. The books were all best sellers. Weird story, I read a relatively obscure English translation of a Russian book ( Cancer ward by Alexander Solzhenitsyn) that I had found in a charity bookshop. It had really interesting footnotes on soviet culture and history, when I went to college it turned out a good friend of mines dad had actually translated the book.
George RR Martin: Game of Thrones characters die because 'it has to be done' - The Song of Ice and Fire writer has told an interviewer it’s dishonest not to show how war kills heroes as easily as minor characters [removed]
Unpopular opinion: leaving negative reviews on books because they contain triggers or themes you don't enjoy is wrong and unjust. This reminded me of one of the strangest reviews I've seen. I was looking to buy my wife a new Kindle as hers was dying. I found the newest one, and saw a 1 star review. The reviewer basically said he bought it for his wife, but she doesn't use it. Dude, that's not the product's fault, you just suck at picking gifts.
Principal Who Banned Books In Classroom Arrested for Child Pornography He only read books with pictures in them.
Children prefer to read books on paper rather than screens This is why I print out hard copies of every reddit thread I participate in.

Edit: I'm sorry, but this is too many replies. Each of you needs to chip in towards a new toner cartridge, otherwise they're not getting read.

Edit 2: It says TANDY DMP-105 on the front.
[Fahrenheit 451] This passage in which Captain Beatty details society's ultra-sensitivity to that which could cause offense, and the resulting anti-intellectualism culture which caters to the lowest common denominator seems to be more relevant and terrifying than ever. [deleted]
Movie covers on books are the worst pet peeve for me especially if the original art work was awesome I agree with you. I cant stand a movie cover or when the front cover has a big sticker saying "now a major motion picture"
Forbes deleted an op-ed arguing that Amazon should replace libraries I find it funny since the writer's response to the backlash on Twitter is essentially "No one read/understood my arguments!" despite him being bombarded with rebuttals to each and every argument he made. 
Dolly Parton donates 100 millionth book to children Her foundation selects excellent children's books.  They are enjoyable and well illustrated.  I also generally love the messages in the books.  My favorite thing is that most of the books have a flap in the back of the book with talking points you can use before, during and after reading the book with your child.  

We don't receive books from her foundation, but I do buy used copies of the books from eBay.
The real Lord of the Flies: what happened when six boys were shipwrecked for 15 months [removed]
Writer Anthony Burgess invented futuristic slang for his cult novel A Clockwork Orange and was so fascinated by the language of the street that he began work on a dictionary more than 50 years ago. Now his lost dictionary of slang has been discovered in a vast archive of his papers and possessions. Finally, an actual, reliable urban dictionary.
3,500 Occult Manuscripts Will Be Digitized & Made Freely Available Online, Thanks to Da Vinci Code Author Dan Brown This could ruin every horror story.

Gypsy woman: The only way to banish this evil is locked away in an ancient tome guarded by...
Protagonist: What, you mean the Necronomicon? I have that in .pdf right here on my phone. 

She was shot dead by the Nazis in 1942. Her secret diary is to be published after 70 years in a bank vault - The Diary of Polish Jewish teenager Renia Spiegel will be released September 19 Clarification: it was published in Polish in 2016, and the Smithsonian published excerpts (in English) in 2018. The full English translation is to be published 19 Sept 2019.
I feel like an idiot. I vastly misunderstood how a library card works for years. They also frequently have free language learning programs, music downloads etc. I've read of some even having 3d printers. Ask the librarians
Barnes & Noble says sales of books related to anxiety are soaring “Do you have ‘The Little Book of Calm?!’ I need ‘The Little Book of Calm.’ I need it. Do you have it?!”
Stephen King's desk (zenpencils.com) it's insane (to me at least) that he wrote cujo and cannot remember it at all. 
When R. L. Stine finally met Stephen King, he told him: "You know Steve, one magazine once called me a literary training bra for you." Steve replied: "Yes, I know." As a kid, the only things scarier than the Goosebumps stories were the covers of the books 
Why do Texas prisons ban 'Freakonomics' but not Adolf Hitler's 'Mein Kampf'? Freakonomics had an entire chapter on the organization methods of Chicago gangs and the economics of distributing, as well as prostitution. It was extremely interesting, but still about drugs, crime and prostitution.
Man wins Australia’s top literary honour for book written in a detention camp and sent, one chapter at a time, via whatsapp That is a really specific award.
George Orwell's first wife "married an unknown writer and then worked herself to death to ensure his fame." It's time to give Eileen O'Shaughnessy her due. I straight up cannot read this article. I get a full screen advertisement every time I visit the article and closing the ad redirects the page away from the article
‘The Great Gatsby’ will enter public domain as copyright ends in 2021 Finally my one act screenplay “it’s the great gatsby Charlie Brown!” Is starting to come together.
Josh Gad and Amy Adams are reading children's books on social media to support families who are home from school: These celebrities are sharing videos of themselves reading kids' books to help families who are stuck at home due to the coronavirus Is it just me or did the title say most of the same thing twice?
Why ‘Uncomfortable’ Books Like ‘To Kill a Mockingbird’ Are Precisely the Ones Kids Should be Reading Education needs to include learning how to think, as opposed to being taught what to think. If a mind is closed to analysis, contemplation and functional learning and study then no book will help.

Perception is key to learning and is shaped by belief. The closed mind and strong unchecked belief go hand in hand.
China bans Animal Farm by George Orwell Not only was Animal Farm not banned, but both Animal Farm and 1984 were available in a print by 'Liaoning People's Publishing House' (辽宁人民出版社), a mainland Chinese company, and sold in bookstores across the country.
Book sales surge as readers seek escapism and education: "Sales of fiction rose by a third, while children's education went up 234% to the third highest level on record" If you got a favorite small local bookstore try to give them some business during this. My local bookstore is doing phone and email sales.

Edit: Jeff Bezos doesn’t need your business to stay alive. Your local bookstore does. Even if it’s a gift card or puzzle or bookmark. Source it through them.
Film adapted book covers should not be a thing. I work in publishing. I, and most people in the industry, agree movie tie in covers are always inferior, but they 100&#37; result in increased sales. Films just have much more social penetration than books. A mediocre film made of a great book will still result in many more books sold. Money and margins in publishing are so tight, companies would not go through the expense of printing a new run without very good financial reason. 
Don't you hate it when a book cover gets replaced with the movie related cover? I've always disliked them aesthetically. I dislike all book covers that have like real photos of people on them anyway. It only annoys me inasmuch as if I'm looking for a certain book in my bookstore and they only have the movie cover version I won't buy it. But other than that IDC, it's all subjective.
Disney is Adapting Rick Riordan’s Percy Jackson Series for Disney + Since nobody linked it yet, here's ["Memories from my TV/Movie Experience"](https://rickriordan.com/2018/11/memories-from-my-tv-movie-experience/) from Rick Riordan's blog where he tears the movies a new one.
I'm 25 and I just read Fahrenheit 451 for the first time. I feel like I was mislead on the subject matter Bradbury reportedly [walked out of a class](http://www.factfiend.com/ray-bradbury-told-interpretation-book-wrong/) where he was giving a lecture when the students insisted - despite his protestations to the contrary - that the book was about censorship.

Chinese crime writer who used his own murders for book plots sentenced to death Sounds like it would make a good book.
Poet: I can’t answer questions on Texas standardized tests about my own poems [deleted]
Andy Serkis will give a continuous live reading of The Hobbit online, to raise money for charity. He might regret that one after he begins lol
Just spent four months in jail. I read over thirty books and I feel like I’ve been born again. >I have a list of a lot of books I saw at the library that I didn’t get to read and I’m dying to get some money to buy them

Keep in mind that you can request books at most public libraries. I believe there are limitations, like new releases and really obscure books. But chances are if it was in the jail library, a public library could find it. I know it won't be the same as in jail, but please don't lose your passion for reading and learning :)
Since so many of you asked, I'm the guy who's spent the last 6 years reading NOTHING but science fiction. Here's my top 15 list. Footfall -1985

Starship Troopers -1959

Spin - 2005

Childhood's end  - 1953

Old man's war - 2005

Nightfall - 1941/1990

The Sirens of Titan - 1959

Not Alone - 2015

The Forever War - 1974

The Forge of God - 1987

I robot - 1950

Dune - 1965

The Stand - 1978

Hyperion - 1989

The Sparrow - 1996

&#x200B;

Do you have any insight on the way in which the time period it was written in shaped the work you were reading?  Were the themes more optimistic in some decades, for example?  I figure you would know better than most.
J. R. R. Tolkien was born today in 1892. This is what he sounded like as he read and sang his work aloud. Now use this to train an AI to read his books for the audiobook versions.

#DisneyMustPay is (finally) starting to get picked up by the larger media outlets. For those not familiar with what's going on, the TLDR is:

* Allegedly Disney is claiming that while they did *buy* the rights to multiple publications related to *Star Wars* and *Aliens*, because Disney didn't *sign the original contracts*, they don't have to pay the authors their royalties.

So basically they're allegedly saying they have the right to sell the books, but not the obligation to pay the creators.

It's pretty despicable.
Romeo and Juliet is NOT a romance, it is an allegory about the dangers of making big decisions based on emotion alone First of all, you are misusing the word "allegory".

Yes, the story is about characters making emotional decisions and tragically dying, but that's just the plot on it's face. *That's what a tragic romance looks like.*

You are describing a sequence of events, but they aren't an allegory *for something else*.

It's not like Romeo symbolically represents a Shakespeare-era politician who let himself be guided by obsessions, leading to his downfall. It's not like the two families are allegorical representations of the rivalry between protestantism and catholicism.

The story has a pretty straightforward narrative, that IS presented as a romantic tragedy.

That a tragedy ends in bloodshed is not a subversive hidden message, that is just how tragedies work. You might as well say that "Hamlet isn't a revenge story, it is actually a warning about how revenge can cost you everything."

IT IS BOTH. It is a type of revenge story, and within that category, it is a tragical one. 

Likewise, Romeo and Juliet's main conflict is a romantic one, and it's resolution is a tragical one. It's a romantic tragedy.  

&#x200B;

>Stop teaching Romeo and Juliet as a romance. Especially to teens. Teens are *often* influenced by their emotions into making knee-jerk decisions that they often come to regret or have dangerous consequences. They *need* to hear the allegory as it was intended to be taken.

Being ruled by your passions, IS romantic. That's what the name of the genre means.

Every romcom movie with a highly illegal and reckless airport chase scene, every fantasy romance where the power of love vanquishes armies, and every romantic tragedy that portrays love as being worth throwing your life away for, is fundamentally about heightened emotional states over sensible behavior.

What teenagers need to hear is that real life is not always romantic, not that fantastical stories only count as romantic if they have a practical life advice.

There is no benefit from redefining romance to only mean stories about safe, wholesome, level-headed relationships, and to read every story more intense than that, as "not really a romance" but an intentional warning about the dangers of passion.
Small bookstores are booming after nearly being wiped out Glad to see this. We have a local independent bookstore in my neighborhood and it certainly seems to have a booming business. It's not large, but they have a ton of events monthly and often have authors come speak - and many are decently well known authors. On top of that, the staff are incredibly helpful, the selection is great (and they will order what you want as well) and they have suggestion tags hanging on the shelves by certain books that I really enjoy reading every time I come in. It's not always the cheaper option, but the experience is much better than buying online or going to a larger chain store.
10 years ago I was the type of person to always have a book in their hand, on their nightstand, in their bag - I was reading upwards of 20+ books a year. Somewhere along the line the internet completely overtook my reading hobby. After a few years of almost no reading at all, I'm finally back in! I care, dude!  Same thing happened to me - I was always known as the guy with his head in a book but, apart from rare vacation reading, I didn’t read a book for about three years after smartphones took over.  I kept getting hooked on stupid apps and free games.

I finally got angry with myself, deleted the various apps and games from my phone, and show-horned reading back into my life.

I started keeping a reading diary too, and I find that helps - I try to outdo the precious months’ reading and cram an extra book in.  

I find my attention span and vocabulary have both improved and I actually feel less braindead.
JK Rowling slammed as new book features a transvestite serial killer of women well today i learned that in between the twitter rants JK rowling is still writing books
Increase Your Cognitive Ability By Reading A Fucking Book For Once The fact that it links to a video is what got me.
I finally had the realization that it's ok to stop reading a book that you aren't enjoying. 100 pages or 1/3 of the book. If I reach either and I have no interest in how it ends I put the book down and move on to the next one. There are too many great stories out there to waste my time with something that doesn't spark my imagination.
Tsundoku, the Japanese word for buying books you don't read should be entered into the English language When I was a kid, all my relatives seemed to believe I was a Hardy Boys fan. So they bought me just about every book in the series (100+?).

Never read a single one. Encyclopedia Brown was my boy.

EDIT: I love the nostalgia thread my post seems to have spawned. In a comment below, I confess that I never did give the Hardy Boys a fair shake. I liked the covers and the idea of young detectives, but I think I was low-key rebelling against my family’s idea that “good boys read Hardy Boys”. Or something like that lol
In 1938, Nazis demanded to know if ‘The Hobbit’ author was Jewish. He responded with a high-class burn. Here’s the reply:

25 July 1938 20 Northmoor Road, Oxford 

Dear Sirs,

Thank you for your letter. I regret that I am not clear as to what you intend by arisch. I am not of Aryan extraction: that is Indo-Iranian; as far as I am aware none of my ancestors spoke Hindustani, Persian, Gypsy, or any related dialects. But if I am to understand that you are enquiring whether I am of Jewish origin, I can only reply that I regret that I appear to have no ancestors of that gifted people. My great-great-grandfather came to England in the eighteenth century from Germany: the main part of my descent is therefore purely English, and I am an English subject — which should be sufficient. I have been accustomed, nonetheless, to regard my German name with pride, and continued to do so throughout the period of the late regrettable war, in which I served in the English army. I cannot, however, forbear to comment that if impertinent and irrelevant inquiries of this sort are to become the rule in matters of literature, then the time is not far distant when a German name will no longer be a source of pride.

Your enquiry is doubtless made in order to comply with the laws of your own country, but that this should be held to apply to the subjects of another state would be improper, even if it had (as it has not) any bearing whatsoever on the merits of my work or its sustainability for publication, of which you appear to have satisfied yourselves without reference to my Abstammung.

I trust you will find this reply satisfactory, and 

remain yours faithfully,

J. R. R. Tolkien
‘The Hobbit’ was published 80 years ago today. In his review, C. S. Lewis said, “ Prediction is dangerous: but ‘The Hobbit’ may well prove a classic.” *“There is more in you of good than you know, child of the kindly West. Some courage and some wisdom, blended in measure. If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.”*
Goodnight Moon was published 70 years ago today! September 3rd, 1947. Here are some cool facts about it. Disappointed that none of the facts mentioned the introduction/inspiration for the mouse hidden on each page.  That was my kids favorite part. 
Harry Potter turns 20 today I discovered Harry Potter via a TV news report. The story was a fluff piece about a publisher printing an adult version of a children's book, that had become popular in Britain. The adult version had a photograph of a train rather than the brightly illustrated cover on the kids edition. This allowed adults to read it on the train without being embarrassed. Within a couple years you couldn't go anywhere on public transport in Australia without seeing someone devouring a copy regardless of the version.
Hullo Reddit. Hullo people of r/books I'm Neil Gaiman and I write stuff. Mostly, I write stories. AMA Two hours of answering questions, and there are still scores of questions unanswered. Apologies to everyone who put up a question and didn't get it answered, but it is time for me to stop being a writer and go back to being the parent of a four year old, who needs to be bathed and read to and put to bed.
What's a thing author tend to write that always break your immersion or make you cringe a bit? The book I’m reading now has the character experiencing a faint feeling or sinking feeling or getting the breath knocked out of her every time she learns new information about the storyline.

Edit: I’m reading Home Before Dark by Riley Sager for those asking. I wouldn’t recommend it.
Judge refuses to dismiss charges against Iowa man who burned LGBT library books > Magistrate Lisa Mazurek ruled on Monday that Dorr failed to prove his case. "Mr. Dorr isn't being sent the message that he cannot burn books when he disagrees with the contents of those books," Mazurek wrote in her ruling. "He is being sent the message that he cannot burn books that do not belong to him."
